So, it's what 1992?
>> 1992. I was the chief of aerospace
medicine and he said, "I've got
something to show you even you have
never seen."
>> Wow.
>> And when I sat down in his chair,
there's a saucer 20 ft across was sort
of like a modified egg. There were no
rivets, uh, no seams, but then later on
it rotated. It was clear as day. It said
US Air Force. But then when I said, "Why
would we build it in a design like
this?" He looked at me and went, "We got
it from them." I flew helicopters and I
flew F-16s. No vehicle I have ever known
of could obtain a 45° angle of attack
without moving. So when these companies
say, "Look, we made this thing. Look at
how fancy it is." That's to get the
people's attention so they don't look at
this other thing that they're spending
all the money on.
In 2023, when David Grush testified
under oath before Congress, he explained
to the world and to our system of
government a host of staggering
revelations. The military has an alien
craft retrieval program. There were
bodies in some of these vehicles. And he
also confirmed what had long been
speculated, that some combination of
secret military programs [music]
and private aerospace companies have
developed reverse engineered versions of
this alien technology. Well, many of you
watching this channel might have
thought, like me, that Grush's personal
bravery [music]
and commitment to disclosing these
truths was worthy of the utmost respect.
It was unfortunate to see the tried and
tested playbook of discrediting and ad
homonym attacks that emerged in the wake
of his testimony.
>> You know, definitely experienced [music]
some really nuts stuff. You know, I
don't like throwing shade, but like Neil
Degrass Tyson, right?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> He's made up his mind. I read I've read
his tweets and I'm like, "Dude, you have
a PhD in physics. Where's your
curiosity? I can't even believe
>> there's no evidence [music] that would
convince an authentic skeptic." However,
even within UFO World, there were some
who questioned the fact that Grush had
not personally seen these crafts,
[music] but was relying on the testimony
of dozens of those who had, members of
the military or government that he
[music] hoped would personally come
forward and back up his claims. One man
watching this testimony knew that he
could be one of those to come [music]
forward. I thought I've got his six
o'clock covered.
>> To stand up in a similar way with all of
the risk of reputation and bravely break
his silence about what he had seen. Dr.
Gregory Rogers, a recently retired chief
flight surgeon for NASA and the US Air
Force and former director of aerospace
medicine, has decided that now is the
right time [music] to tell the world
what he had witnessed in stunning
firsthand detail. that we have a craft
that in some way or another didn't
[music] come from here. This wasn't
something in the sky off in the distance
or on radar coming out of the ocean.
This was something in our possession.
But this conversation isn't only about
UFOs. It's about God, the universe,
science, as well as life and death. Dr.
Rogers has been witnessed to the most
confronting sites that most of us can
scarcely imagine. And in this
conversation, he bravely speaks about
his PTSD and the memories he carries and
why he [music] believes UFO disclosure
and what he saw in our possession is the
only path toward progress. So today, I'm
so proud to present this conversation
with the brilliant Dr. Greg Rogers. This
is an absolute honor. I have Greg Rogers
here. Uh, you are another just extremely
interesting witness who I've been trying
to get on on the show for a while. Uh,
thank you so much to Chris Leto, Le
Letto Files, an amazing show around UFOs
and he's, you know, also a former pilot
and um, he does a really amazing
interview with you. So, I recommend
everybody go check that out. Um, but he
introduced us and after watching your
interview with him, I was just
fascinated by uh what you saw and your
your background, which I think is really
beyond reproach and so I'm very excited
to get into this.
>> I'm very pleased to be here. This is an
honor.
>> Oh, it's a total honor for me and uh I
appreciate your courage and and coming
out and and speaking out. Before we get
into that, just what what's what's a
little bit about your your background?
Well, uh, I was a flight surgeon for the
United States Air Force and, um, became
the chief of aerospace medicine at the
45th Space Wing, which included the
Eastern Space and Missile Center, uh,
Cape Canaveral Air Force Station,
Patrick Air Force Base, and then also
the Eastern Missile Range. But as such,
we also supported uh tenant units that
uh included a vast array of um
uh units in including um we we had
aircraft from the ninth strategic
reconnaissance wing that most people
would know as U2s. And uh we had the Air
Force technical application center which
is a whole other story. But uh I uh did
uh deployed to uh the South Atlantic and
uh South America with AFTAC. But uh we
did search and rescue missions out in
the ocean. If somebody managed to sink
their boat and call in for help, we we
would go out and and rescue them. Um so
I had a wide range of duties. Now then
the one that most people um find most
fascinating was that I was the senior
flight surgeon for the astronaut rescue
and recovery team at Kennedy Space
Center. So every time we had a space
shuttle launch, uh I would climb in
Jolly 1. We we had uh other flight
surgeons that would get in Jolly 2 and
Jolly 3. So we would clear uh the box to
make sure that there was no unwanted um
people into the downrange area at the
time of launch. Then uh the three
helicopters with the three flight
doctors on it and um three sets of um
PJ's par rescue jumpers were always
sitting at the shuttle landing facility
for any launch or landing
uh opportunities for the space shuttle
because uh nothing about flying the
space shuttle is routine. even at the
end of its um service time, it was still
considered an experimental vehicle.
>> Wow. So, that's a pretty important role.
I mean, you were uh kind of hands-on
with people inside the space shuttle at
its kind of inception moment.
>> Well, plus I helped to make other
changes. As an example, when I first got
there in 1989,
uh do you remember the orange launch
entry suits that the astronauts wore?
>> Sure. Yeah. Well, in their right lower
leg pocket, they had two Kim lights and
they were both red. As soon as I heard
that, I said, "You got to be kidding.
What are you doing with red Kim lights?"
And they said, "Well, we want to make
sure it doesn't affect their night
vision." I said, "Forget their night
vision. First of all, green chem lights
are not going to affect their night
vision. It's they're not bright enough.
But we can't see the red chem lights on
our night vision goggles when we're
looking for them unless we fly right
over them. You give them green chem
lights and on a clear night we can spot
them 5 miles away. So what I'm concerned
about is my ability to rescue those
astronauts and save their lives. So uh
it took me a year and a half to to get
NASA to switch to the green chem lights.
>> That's a big deal. See, you were the guy
behind the switch from the red chem
lights to the green chem.
>> Yes. In in fact, after um one of the
modata exercises
um that that's an exercise where the
astronauts would bail out into the
Atlantic Ocean and then uh all the
rescue forces have to go find and rescue
them regardless of the day or night or
anything else. But Colonel Shokitis was
the head of DDMS, which is the
Department of Defense Man Space Support
Office. And so, um, the following day,
uh, when we had our debriefing, when
when it got around to me, he said,
"Okay, Major Rogers, what do you
complain about this year?" I said, "I'm
going to complain about three of the
same things I complained about last year
because they didn't get fixed." And so,
one of them was uh the chem lights. And
um
after me throwing a fit in in that
meeting, u it it was only like 2 months
later that we finally got the uh Kim
Lights fixed.
>> Wow.
Crazy. Well, that's that's an amazing
thing that you can, you know, take
credit for.
>> Yeah. Well,
you know, people think of NASA as the
smartest,
>> greatest thing.
Some of the NASA managers wanted to make
space suits and they did not want to
involve the Air Force or the rescue
forces. So, they made these beautiful
blue flight suits. Uh you can still see
astronauts uh having pictures taken in
the blue flight suits. So, when you go
back in history, you'll you'll see that
when they showed it to the rescue
forces, we all went, "You got to be
kidding. those are blue. When they bail
out into the ocean, how are we going to
see them?
So, um even if you go back to like the
first few uh launches, [snorts] um
STS1234,
um uh they had to go to Beal Air Force
Base and borrow the yellow space suits
that the U2 and SR71 guys fly. Um
because you can fly with the NASA ones.
So um anytime you know go back and look
at Young and Krippen in STS1, they've
got yellow flights space suits on.
>> Whoa. Pretty crazy. Well, yeah. No, you
think of it as this kind of um
untouchably perfect, you know,
organization and uh I guess
>> it's not that.
>> Yeah. Well, you know, it all boils down
to humans and human error. So So okay.
So for context for the audience, you're
at Patrick Air Force Base and Patrick
Air Force Base
>> in 1992.
>> 1992. That's um in Florida, right? So
you imagine you're at Florida. It
started out as the Banana uh River Naval
Air Station. And while it was the Banana
River uh Naval Air Station,
>> um Flight 19 went missing.
>> Mhm. And so the PBY that also went
missing looking for them took off from
Flight Ops uh at Patrick Air Force Base,
but it was the Banana River Naval Air
Station.
>> And why don't you back up for a second?
Just give people context about what
Flight 19 is.
>> Okay. Well, flight 19 was a a doomed set
of aircraft because uh when they took
off, the lead pilot
um became confused. And so, um there are
some areas out there that even on our
maps while I was flying there, you can't
trust uh your compasses because of
magnetic um deviations. And so that's
part of what's [snorts] some of the
problem in the Bermuda Triangle which
which was this was in
>> this is so interesting because I just
met with a former NASA engineer out here
and he was like look I think a lot of
UFO stuff's a little overhyped but he
goes I can tell you definitively that
there is a little patch around the
Bermuda Triangle sim or like near there
where there is just tons of
electromagnetic anomalies going on. He
like he's like I don't know if it's like
a portal or like what it is, but
>> my personal belief is that there were
probably in ancient ancient ancient
times metal uh meteorites that landed
under the ocean floor and as we fly over
them you can watch your compasses go
crazy and then you fly two or three more
miles and they settle down and you go
right back to normal. So there are times
that especially with our pilots who know
how to fly by instrument flight rules,
uh they would just forget the normal uh
navigation, continue on their path
because they knew when they got to the
other side of the deformation area that
they could trust their instruments
again.
>> So what happened with flight 19? Well,
they took off and they were going to go
out and and do a bombing raid. Well, the
the lead pilot got disoriented. You
know, like I said, I talked to some of
the guys that were in flight ops on that
day and they were laughing and said the
lead flight pilot um was arguing with
his other guys because they were saying,
"We're traveling east." and he said,
"No, we've got to be in and around the
islands and near South Florida." And
they said, "No, these islands are the
Bahamas." And uh there were arguments uh
about whether or not some of the crews
would break off and say, "This guy is
going to kill us." And so these guys
were listening on the radio to all of
these Navy pilots arguing among
themselves. So um finally one of the
guys said that two of the airplanes
broke off and said we're heading west be
because u we we are uh totally lost but
he thought they were still over the um
Gulf of Mexico and so he continued to
fly east but he was confused the weather
conditions were bad that day and so
there were all sorts of problems. Well,
when they lost contact with Flight 19,
they uh had this flying boat and it had
two two wings, but it could land on
water. Well, uh they went out a few
miles and they lost contact with them,
but there was a visiting ship that
registered an in-flight explosion at
about the location where the PBY would
have been. So because of the confluence
of uh the loss of this flying boat and
flight 19, everybody
um heard the first big great story about
the Bermuda Triangle from that flight.
>> Wow. And so is does anybody know what
happened to Flight 19? They just lost
contact. They were heading east and
nobody knows.
>> They only have limited amounts of fuel.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And when you run out of fuel, you're not
flying anywhere,
>> right? And it was never found.
>> And uh it was never found.
>> And then, you know, back on the base, is
there speculation that uh you know, all
these sort of weird electromagnetic
anomalies that you mentioned? Uh you
know, what do people think caused caused
these things? Um there there were
discussion of of all of these things,
but we had areas that we had marked on
our maps that this is an area that you
don't want to trust your magnetic
compass on.
>> And and so we knew to either avoid those
areas or account for the effect of the
magnetic flaws when you flew over that
area.
>> Fascinating. Do you you know what I've
found just anecdotally is when I meet
people inside the government or who've
worked at you know NASA or the Air Force
you expect them to be less
conspiratorial than people on the
outside in the civilian world right
because like they they sort of know more
>> well one way or the other
>> often it's the inverse where they've
seen a thing or two they know that you
know there's some weird things in our
reality like the you know Bermuda
Triangle thing you just mentioned and so
that kind opens them up to a whole host
of possibilities. Are there any other
things outside of the core experience
that we're going to get into in 1992
that you experienced in a sort of
government contact context, you know,
Air Force or NASA that um really kind of
uh widened your worldview? Well, um
there were a couple of just
sort of transient events that we all
looked at each other and said, you know,
what was that? This this one time we
were flying out uh I believe an aircraft
had been reported spotted in in the
water like 130 mi off the 110 radial uh
from uh Cape Canaveral. And so as we're
flying out there, uh the weather's kind
of funny. And so we had estimated uh
what our time of arrival
uh would be. And so we were flying
straight and level. Didn't seem like
anything was going on. But but when we
got there, um we were 10 minutes later
than what we expected. And so we
thought, you know, man, we must have
deviated from course or or something.
But we're all sort of looking at each
other like, nah, it could couldn't have
been that. But, you know, it it was just
one of those weird events, but it it's
not like you're going to talk about it
or report it. We're not going to include
it in the demission brief.
>> What do you think caused it?
>> It could have been that the winds we
encountered
uh made a difference, but it wasn't
anything that we recognized at the time.
>> Fascinating. So, um,
>> what was the speculation?
>> We all just looked at each other, nobody
really said anything.
>> We We didn't speculate about that.
>> Yeah. That's also, you know, a cultural
thing, I think, where it's like you all
look at each other, you're like, "That
was weird." And then you kind of move
on, you're stoic. Yep.
>> Well, I want to get into the core
experience. Um, which, uh, you've you've
had a lot of courage to to come out and
speak about. So, it's it's what 1992.
>> 1992.
>> And what is your role and where are you
stationed?
>> Okay. I was the chief of aerospace
medicine. So, um,
>> what does that mean?
>> Okay. Um, the 45th Space Wing owned
everything at the Cape Patrick Air Force
Base, Eastern Space and Missile Center,
and some other things that, um, we won't
be discussing, but um,
uh, there was a medical group that was
part of the 45th Space Wing, and that
was the 45th medical group. So my
colonel, the commander,
uh, answered to the general for
everything to do medically. You know, if
somebody got sick at the officer's club
from eating something last night, well,
we we got to go investigate uh, you
know, with was something there. Just
every kind of thing you can imagine. Did
you manage a lot of people in that
capacity or were you
>> um I I had a bio environmental engineer.
>> I had a medical um a military public uh
health officer and then um underneath
them were probably about uh 20 25
people. Okay. But then I also uh was the
chief flight surgeon. So, I um oversaw
the flight medicine program. So, I had a
a a really good flight surgeon that was
there when I got there and and she she
was wonderful. [snorts] Uh so, uh she
helped uh teach me uh the ropes when I
first got there and helped run
everything, but we also had to do
everything else. Um, Cape Canaveral Air
Force Station is a large facility. And
so, um, there has to be a company that
oversees all of the normal stuff like
like you would expect a town council
would. So, somebody's got to maintain
the roads, somebody's got to uh fix the
um uh traffic lights if they go bad. But
um this company was called EGNG which is
a major major uh military industrial uh
corporation and so they oversaw all of
the normal operations of that. However,
that does not reprise the US Air Force
from being responsible for it. So, uh,
just like any contractor, you have to
have a, uh, someone monitor the contract
to make sure that the contractor is
doing the right things.
>> So, what was EG responsible for on the
>> They were responsible for um,
uh,
uh, all of the the grounds. Uh, they
maintained the buildings and did all of
that kind of stuff. Now then in this
building they maintained it but uh it
was leased to Locked. Uh this one was
leased to Martin Marietta. Now then the
reason I say them separately was that
Martin Marietta was separate from Loheed
at the time I was there. Only in 1995
did they ever join to be Loheed Martin.
So, um, Martin Marietta was was doing a
uh a whole bunch of other things, but
every contractor there, Boeing, Rathon,
everything um they had to sort of lease
their um their housing, their support,
everything from EG&G.
>> That's interesting. So EG&G had this
like prime contractor position.
>> Yes, they were they were the prime
contractor for Cape Canaveral.
>> And what do you do you know much about
about them because they you know they
have an interesting history. They came
out and
yeah EGNG is a whole story unto itself
>> and yeah I I'm I'm not going to touch
that one. [laughter]
>> Guys, as you can tell Dr. Rogers was
keeping some information and speculation
about the company EGNG to himself here,
but this is one of those histories I
can't resist unpacking because EGNG's
role in the UFO coverup might be far
bigger than most people realize. So, a
quick history lesson. EGNG is most
associated with one of its founders,
Harold [music] Doc Edertton. He was a
brilliant scientist at MIT, a close
associate of the legendary figure
associated with the UFO world and the
MJ12 and the father of the American
nuclear program, Vanavar Bush. Doc
Edertton had developed a revolutionary
use of stroboscopic cameras that along
with other pioneering wartime technology
ended up being used in the Manhattan
project. All of those amazing
photographs of the initial micros
secondsonds of nuclear blasts, that was
EGNG. From the start, they were embedded
in the deepest military secrets.
Remember, when a test nuclear detonation
goes off, often all of the sensors get
fried in the area. This is caused by an
electromagnetic pulse. So the novel
filming techniques EG&G had developed
would have been crucial to capturing
UFOs
>> because when the bomb goes off, you
can't [music] get in the first few
seconds. There are no electronics that
work. So you're not able to get any
electrical readings or measurements. So
all you have to look at are the films
coming back from the test.
>> And we all know UFOs show up
consistently around nuclear detonations.
This would have given EG&G proprietary
and early knowledge of the UFO
phenomena. By the 1950s, EGNG was woven
into the fabric of the Atomic Energy
Commission itself. If you've watched
this channel before, you will know that
the Atomic Energy Commission has more
than a few shady ties to UFO programs.
EGNG became the AEC's prime contractor
and later filled the same role for the
Department of Energy. EG&G essentially
ran the Nevada test site where the most
nuclear detonations occurred. They also
worked side by side with Los Alamos,
Liverour, and Sandia Labs to develop and
refine atomic weapons. The Atomic Energy
Commission trusted EG with its most
sensitive operations. They held the Q
clearances and had intimate access to
the depth of the atomic kingdom. They
were present at the creation of the
military secret programs, the
development of the government's most
sensitive tech, and they were managing
the contracts and locations covering
these programs. EG&G also played a key
role in one of the most compelling UFO
stories to come out of the 1960s.
Something I've talked about at length
here on this show, and an event tied to
the story of Harold Malgren,
presidential adviser to JFK, LBJ, Nixon,
and Ford. I'm of course talking about
the bluegill triple prime test that
occurred in October of 1962 during the
Cuban missile crisis. This was one of
the high alitude nuclear detonations
that occurred in the Marshall Islands.
And it was unique because there is a lot
of documentation leading me to believe
that a UFO fell out of the plume, the
blast in the air of this test. They were
so used to UFOs showing up around
nuclear detonations that they called
these objects tagalongs. Well, guess
what? It was EG&G crews aboard the
planes filming that high alitude nuclear
detonation. Given that they were also
deeply involved in managing a facility
like Sandia Labs, where it was rumored
the recovered debris was transferred, it
would seem highly probable that EG were
well aware of the existence of this
exotic technology. So I said, "Well,
what what am I here to find out?" He
said, "Well, he reached for some [music]
stuff sitting on his desk.
The these are things that have come
down. I'm looking at sitting on his
desk. Round rock, you know."
>> So you're looking at like material,
anomalous material.
>> Yeah.
>> Debris.
>> But but debris or images?
>> Wow.
>> No.
Wow, that's amazing.
>> I think [music] that the people of that
generation were so accustomed to seeing
them that they didn't they knew it
wasn't Russian. They knew it wasn't in
those days it was never going to be
[music] Chinese. They knew it wasn't a
threat. So dad said, "Yeah, we called it
a tag along." I'm like, "A tag along?"
Like, "Didn't you ask what [music] it
was?" and and he's sort of replied in
such a way that I realized
nobody asked any questions at that time
and they were probably encouraged not to
ask any questions.
>> When I saw this object,
which I call a tag along,
>> that's what you would call them,
tagalongs. Wow. And all of this would of
course comport with EG's management of
the most infamous facility in UFO lore,
Area 51. In the early 1960s, EGNG's
special projects division based in Las
Vegas had been trusted to handle
personnel screening, site access,
transportation, and daily operations. If
you were hired for any black program at
Area 51, your official paperwork and pay
often had to come through EGNG, even if
you were working for the CIA or Air
Force. They essentially became the
operational gatekeeper for Groom Lake,
running the commuter flights in and out,
managing the security badge office, and
controlling access lists. If Groom Lake
and Area 51 was and still is home to
exotic craft, not of this earth, EG&G
were the ones keeping that technology
under lock and key. Which brings us to
Bob Lazar. Los Alamos officials told us
they had no records of a Robert Lazar
ever working there. They were either
mistaken or were lying. A 1982 phone
book from the lab lists Lazar right
there among the other scientists and
technicians. EG&G, which is where Lazar
says he was interviewed for the job at
S4, also has no records. It's as if
someone has made him disappear. Whatever
you think of his story, whether it's
true, fabricated, or part of a carefully
managed leak, it certainly supports EG's
foundational role in the UFO story. See,
Lazar said that it was EGNG that handled
his background checks and EGNG that flew
him on those unmarked Janet flights to
S4. He claimed that there were nine
alien crafts at S4. Even if you doubt
him, the kind of gatekeeping he
describes is exactly what EGNG
specialized in. Stories that support the
idea that EGNG manages large complexes,
many of them underground, and that they
are directly experimenting on or
handling recovered UFOs, have surfaced
time and time again. For instance, in
1991, a caller into a Las Vegas radio
show claimed he was hired to run
electricity 3,000 ft underground on a
certain test site, a job that came
through Reynolds Electronics, an EG
subsidiary. [music]
He also said that military personnel
were working alongside beings that
resembled aliens. And many hardcore UFO
researchers have placed EG&G's name
alongside Loheed, Boeing, Northrup,
Becktell, and a roster of private
entities working on UFO technology. In
2001, a former Lockheed and CIA
contractor went public saying that
Loheed is working on UFO technology and
that scientists contracted with EG&G
were organizing work in private labs in
Utah. A year after that, an infamous
meeting would take place between
scientist Eric Davis and Admiral Thomas
Wilson, who oversaw basically all
American military technology at the
time. In this meeting, Wilson expressed
extreme frustration at a covert UFO
reverse engineering program being
[music] hidden from him. And the meeting
happened to take place just outside of
EGNG's special projects headquarters in
[music] Las Vegas. And in 2023, George
Nap was informed by a senior EG&G
[music] manager, Alfred O'Donnell, that
they had recovered a flying saucer in
New Mexico and had a live being that had
humanlike features. From the Manhattan
Project to Bluegill Triple Prime to Area
51 and beyond, EG&G's fingerprints are
everywhere in the UFO story. They don't
just guard the doors. They manage the
facilities where the technology is
stored, where it's studied, and where
the deepest layers of the UFO coverup
are kept alive. And as you'll see, it's
a pattern that connects directly to what
was happening at Cape Canaveral, where
Dr. Rogers was working. But before we
get back to that conversation, remember,
for even deeper dives into parts of
these interviews that don't make the
final cut, check out the American
Alchemy magazine on Substack. the
mysterious flight disappearance of
flight 19 that Rogers mentioned earlier.
We've got the full story there. So, sign
up today. I'm putting the link in the
description. Now, back to Roger's core
testimony. Anyway, uh because they were
operating, they also ran the healthc
care clinics and so uh they had a chief
doctor and so I had to oversee him. So,
I I spent a lot of time with him, you
know, we we were buddies, got along. He
had been there for many, many years. Uh,
and so he he actually knew a lot more
about what was going on than I did. So I
I would go and then he he would say,
"Hey, uh, we've got new operations here,
a new operation here, new operation
here. I'm going to uh send my escort
with you and that way you can take take
a look at what we're doing." So on this
particular day, I went out to the first
set of buildings. I went to the second
set of buildings. I went to the third
set of buildings.
Well, we were only going to look at at
three sets. So, while we'd gone into the
clean room and uh come out uh as soon as
because it's a clean room, you have to
take your little hair bonnet off. You
had to take your gloves off. You had to
take an outer jacket like a lab coat
off. And then you had to take the
booties off of your shoes. Well, he had
done it so many times that he said,
"Okay, see you, doc." Boom, boom, boom.
And and he was out of there. So, I was
taking just a little bit of extra time.
So, maybe one or two minutes uh was all
that separated the uh EG&G escort for uh
leaving the building from me leaving the
building, I thought. Well, as I uh left
that area, I went through this set of
double doors, and there was a major that
was standing there.
and he immediately recognized me as the
flight surgeon, but there were so many
people that I did physicals on that, you
know, I couldn't remember everybody, so
I didn't even uh really recognize him,
but he uh was smiling real big and he
said, "I've got something to show you
even you have never seen."
>> Wow. Now then I I believe the reason he
said that was because with the EG&G
contract I went to probably 80% of the
buildings on Cape Canaveral the people
in a specific work site for
compartmentalization
they could go to that building and then
they left but they couldn't go to any
the other buildings. That way we we
didn't have crosscontamination of people
learning things that that they had no
need to know. So, uh, he knew I I went
all over the cape, you know, on top of
everything else. U for a lot of the
different sections, you had to have, um,
uh, specific,
uh, ID cards. So, at the time, I
probably had like 12 different ID cards.
He had one. So,
uh, but, you know, he was anxious to
show me something. So, I he said, "I got
to show you this." So, I said, "Okay,
well, show it to me." and you know,
let's get on with it. I
>> You think he's trying to impress you?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, absolutely.
>> What What day is this? Do you know the
date?
>> Um, no. I would say it was in like April
or May. It wasn't It was a hot day, but
it wasn't uh quite fully summer.
>> Was it was it midday towards the end of
the day?
>> Uh, it was probably, I would guess,
about 1 or 2:00 in the afternoon. Before
we jump into today's episode of American
Alchemy, I want to thank today's
sponsor, Hexclad Cookware, aka the pans
I didn't know I needed until I ditched
the warped, flaked mess I've been
cooking with since college. But here's
what sold me. Hexclad pans are like if
stainless steel and non-stick had a love
child. And then Gordon Ramsay adopted
it. No joke, he actually uses them at
home and in his restaurants. And as we
all know, that guy doesn't suffer fools
gladly. So, he probably has equally high
standards for his cookware. First meal I
made, a seared steak and some scrambled
eggs. No sticking, no smoke alarm, no
soaking it overnight like it's some
artifact from an archaeological dig.
They're oven safe up to 500° F. They're
toxic free, and they even come somehow
with a lifetime warranty, which to me
sounds like cookware immortality. And
the knives, Japanese Damascus steel, 67
layers. It's this kind of precision that
makes you wonder if these were reverse
engineered from material found at a UFO
crash site. So, if you've got some sad
pan haunting your kitchen, replace it.
For a limited time, get 10% off my
exclusive link, hexcloud.com/jesse.
Again, that's hexcloud.com/jesse.
Please use that link. It shows a ton of
support for the channel and you get a
discount. Now, back to the episode. So,
uh I'm anxious to get back to my clinic.
Uh our uh clinic would close at 4 to
4:30 and so anything that had gone on
while I was gone, I would have to deal
with when I got back. So, I was
interested in in getting back. Well, he
took me inside uh this office that was
uh there. And you know, that didn't seem
unusual. There was there was a door and
then there were uh two or three windows
there and they all had louvered blinds
on them. Well, as soon as he took me
inside there, he shut the door and
locked it. And then he closed the
louvered blinds for the door and then he
closed the louver blinds for all of
these windows. So, I'm thinking,
what's he what's he doing? You know,
this is
uh kind of strange. Well, he sat down at
his computer console and so he turned it
on and he turned on his um video
apparatus, you know, computer screen.
Um, and so I'm I'm just sort of sitting
there talking, but he he's talking kind
of excited. So, I'm I'm mainly just
listening, you know, okay, this this
guy's excited about something, you know,
whatever. So, um, when the screen f
finally came up, he did something, you
know, to sort of fine-tune it, I guess,
or something. And then all of a sudden,
he said, "Sit down here." So, he moved
to the seat next to his chair, and I sat
down in his chair. And when I sat down
in his chair, I looked at his screen,
and I was totally shocked. It was a
closed circuit television feed and it it
had no uh identification of
classification
location where it was uh coming from the
time of day it was uh anything about it.
The the screen was completely clean. All
I could see was this closed circuit
television.
>> How do you know it was a closed circuit
feed?
>> Because that's what it looked like.
Sure.
>> Um
um you know I I I'd seen dozens and
dozens of them and you know here here's
another one and it it it was
>> um
just like all of the others there there
was nothing special about it except for
what was on the screen. So when when I
looked at it, there were two guys over
uh to the right lower hand and uh they
look like engineer types to me because
they had on lab coats. And
>> this is in the frame on the screen.
>> In the frame on on the screen.
>> Well, over to the right there were three
guys and um they had um Tyveck suits I
would call them now. And uh they were
standing there talking and right in
between them there's a saucer. I I would
say it's a flying saucer but it wasn't
flying yet. But there's a saucer 20 ft
across. It was sort of like a modified
egg. It the surface was completely
smooth. There were no rivets, uh, no
seams, no no windows, uh, nothing that I
could see. Um,
>> do you know what color it was?
>> Oh, it was pearly white.
>> Pearly white. And was it an egg or was
it a saucer?
>> Well, it was a saucer that was shaped,
you know, an an egg is a little offc
center. If you could modify the egg to
where it wasn't offc center, that's sort
of what it would look like.
>> So it was like Yeah, I can totally
picture. So it's like a a pancake or
something with some
>> Yeah. A really thick pancake.
>> Yes. With some some concave ends or
whatever. Yeah. Interesting.
>> Um now then, um
there were because this was pearly
white, I mean, you couldn't see anything
else on it. Uh there were black
rectangles that had been I assume
painted onto the vehicle. So uh along
the beam uh about 60% of the spacecraft
was above and 40% below, but it had this
beam that went across. From the 1230 to
230 point, there was a a horizontal
rectangle that was uh pure black. And
then from the 3:30 to 5:30 it was pure
black. And then as I saw motion later I
could tell that at 6:30 to 8:30 uh there
was a horizontal rectangle that was
black and another one at the 9:30 to
11:30. So along the beam uh these four
rectangles
um covered u most of the area. Now then
at what I would call the 3:00 position,
there was a a vertical rectangle and um
I could barely see something um at the
6:00 position, but as I saw it moving
later, I could tell that uh there there
was the same rectangle at 3:00, 6:00,
and 9:00.
Uh aside from that, it was uh just uh
pearly white. Uh
I immediately thought, you know, this is
a test bed program. Uh you know, this is
an experimental vehicle and uh they've
had to paint the rectangles so that they
could watch the motion. Well, at the
12:00 position,
um there was something that I could sort
of see but not really see. But then
later on it rotated
uh clockwise and and when I saw it it
was clear as day. It said US Air Force
and then just above that was an Air
Force flight insignia
>> and it so the craft rotated. How did it
rotate?
>> Well um it was it was initially uh on
the floor
>> and then all of a sudden it just lifted
off just light as a feather.
>> Wow. Uh if I had not been watching it, I
might not have even seen it. It was such
smooth motion. So now all of a sudden
it's it's floating 3 ft up. Well, uh the
nose of it started to it didn't have a
nose, but what I'm identifying as the
12:00 position begin to rotate clockwise
and went one full circle 360°.
Then it paused for a few moments and
then it rotated back 360 degrees the
other way so that it was in exactly the
same place it had started. But this had
given me a a a complete view of the
entire craft. And um you know if it did
not have the black markings, it didn't
have the uh US Air Force on it or the um
Air Force insignia. It was so pearly
white that even if it had rotated, I
don't know that I could have detected
the motion. Uh, so with those rectangles
on there and the markings, I could see
the rotation.
>> And you saw US Air Force
>> and I saw US Air Force on it.
>> And so these two guys in the room, what
are they doing?
>> Well, everybody left before they uh
initiated uh action. I I should have
said that, but this sort of like uh
warning beacon went off and it tells
everybody, "Okay, get out of the way.
We're about to do this."
>> So, it was like some sort of test or
something.
>> Oh, yes. The I absolutely believe that
this was the test of a prototype
um uh flying saucer. And uh I believe it
was probably owned by a defense
contractor and was not part of the US
Air Force inventory.
>> Do you have any sense of which defense
contractor might have owned it or
>> there was nothing that that gave me a
clue? So whatever I came up with would
uh be speculation on my part,
>> but like I don't know, maybe EGNG given
that
>> Oh no, no, it wouldn't have been EG.
>> Okay. Um, it would have been something
like uh Locked or Northrup
>> Bo Northrup. Got it.
>> Um,
>> Rathon I that would have been a little
bit of a big thing for Rathon by
themselves, but they could have
certainly been in partnership with the
consortium.
um you know Martin Marietta at the time
this is 92 uh Loheed and Martin Marietta
had not joined into Loheed Martin yet so
in '95 they did that but somebody owns
this thing and it's and I did not
believe it's the US Air Force um every
time you know when we wanted to have the
F-17
uh we didn't start off with the F-17
back in the 70s we started with what's
called the have blue system. And so it
was a primitive attempt to try to show
that we could do this. Once we had the
have blue system working and
functioning, then the Air Force said,
"Okay, we're going to give you a
contract. Um, we want want you to build
this many F-17s." And so they modified
it and improved it and then made the uh
actual F-17 and then the Air Force paid
them for it and it went into the Air
Force inventory. So at that point the
Air Force owned it. But uh when it was
uh have blue and it was the preliminary
designs, the US Air Force did not own
that even though it had US Air Force
markings. it it was uh owned by uh
Lockheed
Skunk Works.
>> And so you're you're looking at this
craft. Do you have any sense of outside
of the US Air Force insignia on it? Um
whether it is extraterrestrial or not
from here or whether it is from here.
>> Uh when I saw this thing, I looked over
at the guy and I said, "Who would design
something like that?" And he said, "I
can't tell you." But then when I said,
"Well, why would we build it in a design
like this?" This is exactly what he did.
He looked at me and went, "We got it
from them."
>> So, I mean, I don't have to figure out
what that means,
>> but that that was exactly what he said.
We got it from them. Now then one of the
characteristics of this thing was that
as soon as it became activated there
were electromagnetic discharges
across the surface of the vehicle but I
could not detect
any sort of structure
for what was producing those signals.
you know, um if if you see a a little
patch on the side of an aircraft, you
can say, "Oh, well, either that's an
electronic
uh marker." Um, you know, these days we
we even have uh radars that are uh
having uh a very small location, but
there was nothing like that. Uh this
thing was
>> nothing to generate the electromagnetic
anomalies. It was pearly white. Uh,
>> how could you even see electromagnetic
anomalies around the craft just through
>> Well, first of all, I also heard them,
but it was like little sparks just like
this, like
>> like static discharge.
>> Static discharges. And And so it was
going on all over. But
>> it was if the vehicle itself was charged
up or something.
>> Yes. the the vehicle appeared to be
making the electrical discharges.
>> Were there any transformers or power
sources?
>> Well, at the top of the um craft there
was a pole and going up from the pole
there were three um lines that um
impressed me as umbilicals.
>> So they they may have been feeding
electricity to it. they may have been um
feeding electrical controls, whatever.
Now then, that's one of the reasons that
I immediately thought that um it was a
contractor model be because you can't
fly
in in air or space with umbilicals tied
to your craft. So um I felt like that
what this indicated to me was that on
the inside they did not have sufficient
power source, control mechanism,
anything. And so through the umbilicals
they were having to feed this
information into
uh the vehicle uh to make it function
properly. So if it was a more mature
uh platform,
it should have had all of these things
internal to the spacecraft without
having to have umbilicals feeding into
it to pro provide a power and
information or whatever else it was.
>> Did you get any other context? Did you
say where are we where's this video
porting into or what do you mean we got
it from them? Who are they? Well, the
the thing is uh by this time I had
watched it levitate
>> rotate 360 rotate counterclockwise 360.
It had moved left and right and forward
and backward.
>> Really? It move left and right. Did it
move smoothly or
>> Oh. Oh, yeah. Very smoothly. It's just
like, you know, um,
if you're playing a video game for the
first time and and you've got an
aircraft and you you want to try out the
controls to make sure it works, right?
>> Was it enveloped in any sort of bubble
or something? A lot of people say that
that it's
>> the um these electromagnetic discharges
were audible. You could hear them um and
you could see them.
But
it it was
sort of like there was an
electromagnetic
um
cover on it um like a almost like a
plasma shield.
>> Mhm.
>> That had formed on it. Now um when I
think of it moving,
if it was moving according to the sheer
electromagnetic forces
for for it to rise up, those forces
should have been aimed down.
>> Mhm.
>> Um that's not what happened. As you
know, I'm always on the hunt for things
that help me stay sharp, focused, and
full of energy while I'm diving into
life's mysteries and making this show
happen. And I've got to say, Mudwater
has completely transformed my mornings.
Back in the day, I used to struggle with
that post coffee crash. And let's not
even get into the caffeine jitters.
Mudwater gave me the smooth, steady
energy I was missing. It's packed with
functional mushrooms like lion's mane,
chaga, and rayi, plus turmeric and
cacao, all working together to keep me
focused, calm, and grounded. Honestly,
it's like coffee went on a yoga retreat
and came back zen. What I love most is
that it's not just about replacing
coffee. It's a whole new ritual. It's a
simple, nourishing way to start the day.
And I actually look forward to it every
morning. Every ingredient is USDA
certified organic, vegan, non-GMO, and
there's zero sugar. It's energy that
doesn't mess with your sleep or make you
question your life choices at 3:00 a.m.
Ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy? Head to mudwater.com,
that's mudwt.com,
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code Jesse at
mudwtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. Keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy. When when I saw
initially lift off the ground, um there
there were maybe three or four
electromagnetic signals generated each
second.
>> Little just static sparky thing.
>> But the thing is they were totally
random. Uh there wasn't anything, you
know, if you want it to move this way,
you know, there's a bunch of them over
here. Um it it was moving
um you know, when it was moving back and
forth sometimes uh like when it was
moving backward. I don't believe there
were any electromagnetic discharges on
that end of the craft. And I don't think
there were really any on the opposite
end. it was more across the top and
bottom surface of of the vehicle. So, um
that caused me to immediately believe
the electromagnetic discharges are
there, but the electromagnetic
discharges are not what is moving this
thing.
>> Do you have a sense of what might have
been moving the thing?
>> Um it it had to be a force that I was
unfamiliar with.
>> Fascinating. Okay. So, when this guy
next to you is saying it came from them.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you get any more context on that?
>> No. Uh, and here's why. Um, in in like
the next few seconds, the three the
12:00 position rose to a 45 degree
angle.
>> Now then,
>> that's almost like the Commander David
Fraver thing where it's like it goes
boop, you know?
>> Yes. Now then, I flew helicopters and I
flew uh F-16s.
>> Um, no vehicle I have ever known of
could obtain a 45° angle of attack
without moving.
>> Uh, a helicopter will get a 45 degree
angle of attack, no problem. But as soon
as you do that, you're going to have the
force vector
um point forward. And so the rotor is
going to move the opposite direction.
>> Yep.
>> Um so there's no vehicle that I know of
that could obtain that 45° angle of
attack, but just then [music]
there was a knock on the window.
>> So uh somebody said, "Hey, what's going
on in there that the doors are locked?"
Well, man, this guy panics. He shuts off
the computer and the console. He looks
at me and says, "Don't tell anyone I
showed you this."
You know, I'm thinking, "You just showed
me a flying saucer. Who am I going to
tell it to?" So, uh, he goes over and he
unlocks the door and this lieutenant
colonel came in and we were both majors,
so he outranks us. And then there were
two other guys. I think they were
captains. And and so the lieutenant
colonel uh comes in and says, "What's
going on in here? What are you guys up
to?" And so this major
>> is the room just like dedicated to like
feeding into wherever this UFO is
located or
>> Well, it it's it's a com computer a set
of computer consoles. There were four
people. There were four computer
consoles.
It didn't look any different from any
other four comput.
>> Were you in the room alone with the one
guy? I I was alone with him for a total
of maybe 15 minutes.
>> Yep. Yep.
>> But as soon as uh they knocked on the
door and opened it, now there's five of
us in there.
>> Before we get into that, one final
question. You have any sense on the
location of the craft? You know, where
you're feeding into in this?
>> No. Um
>> if I were to guess, the Lockheed
Skunkworks would be one of the tops of
the list.
>> Sure. Uh, area 51 would be at the top of
>> Um,
uh, I I would think, uh, Wright
Patterson would be at the top of the
list. Usual suspects.
>> It could be a different location on Cape
Canaveral that I don't know about. Um,
uh,
uh, could have been at the Dougway
proving grounds or TLI out there. Mh.
>> Uh, you know, I have no idea where it
is, but it also gave me uh no
indications where it was.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Fascinating.
>> Um, wow. Uh, okay. So, you you everybody
storms into the room all of a sudden.
So, who's in the room at this point?
It's you.
>> So, so me.
>> Yeah.
>> The major that showed it to me, a
lieutenant colonel, and I believe it was
two captains. So the major says, "Well,
I had this skin lesion that I thought
might be cancerous, so I just wanted to
show it to the doc, and that's why I
closed the door for my privacy."
Well, now everybody turns and looks at
me, and I'm sitting there. I just saw a
flying saucer.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, this is
this is the most bizarre thing I've ever
seen at this point, but my mind is
racing. If there had been any degree of
classification that was indicated
on that video, I would have had to
immediately report this guy because
yeah,
>> if if that had showed classified and he
showed it to me in an improper fashion,
uh I I'm reporting him, but it didn't
say classified.
>> So, I'm looking at him and then I'm also
thinking, well, this guy couldn't have
found out about it unless somebody
showed him. M.
>> Now, if this lieutenant colonel showed
him and I reported, then I'm also going
to have to report the lieutenant
colonel.
>> I'm going to have to go up their chain
of command. I'm going to have to go to
his commander and say, "They showed me a
flying saucer video."
>> Now, then if they came back in there and
said, "Well, put it up on the screen."
And nobody could find it. Nobody could
find it. Then my story would make me
look like an idiot. Uh and um uh uh not
only that, but when I got back to um my
clinic, I would have to go to my
commander and say, "Uh, Colonel, sir,
sorry about that, but um I just saw
flying saucer and I reported to security
and to the chain of command.
um the the general is probably going to
hear about it and then it's probably
going to blossom from there um with all
of the people that are going to hear
about this flying saucer. So, I'm
sitting there thinking, you know, this
is a career decision for me. So, um I
just said it wasn't cancer, everything's
fine. I got up and left and and and I
booked it out of there. I got in my car
>> thinking on your feet.
>> I I drove uh 30 minutes down to Patrick
and I'm thinking this whole time and you
know I have heard
u pilots and astronauts talk about
things they have seen that they failed
to report.
>> Well, as I'm driving down Highway A1A,
I'm sitting there thinking, man, I'm
going to join them. Yeah, I I am not
going to report this thing.
>> So what? Yeah. What makes you even
higher conviction that that's the right
thing to do? So obviously you don't want
some big bureaucratic blow up. You don't
want this guy to get in trouble maybe
because he was just trying to impress
you, but you also
>> you don't want to get like, you know,
kind of drugged through the mud about
like what you saw and interrogated and
that sort of thing.
>> If if I went back and said I saw a
flying saucer, I have no idea what it
would have done to my career. M so you
know in 1992 you just didn't report
flying saucers. It does it doesn't
matter what you see. You can talk about
it in the debrief but but when you write
the debrief you're not going to put that
in there. Did you get the vibe that the
lieutenant colonel or, you know, the
captain had any sense of, you know, what
that room might be feeding into as far
as footage of this, uh, you know, UFO?
Since the computer screen was off, when
they came in, I have no knowledge then
or now whether or not they had seen that
video,
>> right? uh they might have seen it 30
minutes earlier and shown it to the
major,
>> right?
>> I don't know.
>> Does any part of you think that this
could have been some sort of elaborate
scop?
>> Um
if so, it was one of the most random
things ever, right?
>> Because that was the only time I ever
went to that building.
>> Yeah. Uh if I had um been a little bit
quicker in taken off my um hair bonnet,
my gloves, my um lab coat, and my
booties and walked out at the same time
as my escort. I don't think that guy
would have even broached this.
>> It never would have happened.
>> Hey everyone, Jesse here. Let's talk
about something a lot of us quietly deal
with. Hair loss. This is something that
messes with your confidence more than
you'd expect. Okay, you might be
wondering, Jesse, you clearly don't
suffer from this. It's true. The biggest
issue I face is hat hair. I actually
have very thick hair, but one of my good
friends deals with hair loss. So, when I
Restore sent me their I Restore Elite, I
gifted it to him, and I've been amazed
at the results it gave him. The first
thing that stood out to him is it's
comfortable and easy to use. You just
pop it on while reading or working, and
it does its thing. This isn't some
gimmick. It uses 300 lasers and 200 LEDs
to deliver clinically backed red light
therapy straight to the scalp. This is
the best way to stimulate hair growth.
Over the past few weeks, I've seen
noticeable improvement with my friend.
He says that his hair feels thicker and
healthier and it's improved his overall
confidence and life. The I restore Elite
uses triple wavelength technology and
Lumat Red light therapy. It's engineered
for deeper penetration and broader
coverage. That means more stimulation to
hair follicles and better, faster
results. And look, if it doesn't work
for you, they offer a 12month money back
guarantee. I've never heard of a money
back guarantee that lasts that long. Try
it consistently, and if you're not
happy, they get you your money back. Of
course, the restocking fee applies. That
made it a no-brainer for my friend. So,
give yourself the gift of hair
confidence this spring. For a limited
time only, our listeners get a huge
discount on i restore elite when you use
code Jesse Jes at i restore.com. Head
over to i restore.com and use code jesse
jes ss for our show's exclusive
discounts on the I restore elite. Please
support our show and tell them we sent
you. Hair loss is frustrating. You don't
have to fight it alone thanks to I
restore.
>> If I'm by myself, he mentions it. But if
I'm with an EG&G escorts, I don't I
don't think he would uh bring it up in
any way, shape, or form.
>> What do you think his incentive was to
Cuz it's like he doesn't he didn't have
a prior relationship with you, right? He
he didn't know who you were, right?
>> He he knew who I was. I might have done
his physical uh a year and a half
before. Okay.
>> But um
>> but you guys weren't close friends.
>> No, but it's it's like when you're an ER
doctor.
>> Uhhuh. uh and you're you're busy all day
long.
>> So, you probably knew everybody.
>> You you you see the people, but there
are times that if if you're really busy,
someone says, "Um, what about the heart
attack guy?" Well, do you mean the first
one or the second one?
>> Sure. Sure. Sure.
>> Uh and then, you know, 6 months later,
somebody comes up to you in Walmart
says, "Hey, my shoulder's doing better."
Okay. Yeah.
>> You know, I don't know who that person
is, but uh you took care of my shoulder.
Remember, you gave me an injection.
>> Yeah. So, do you have
>> Oh, well, yeah. I I'm glad it feels
better. It's It's doing better now.
Yeah. It's really doing good.
>> So, all a lot of these people probably
have asymmetric relationships with you.
Like, they're very grateful to you. And
then to you, it's like another number,
you know, one of one of a thousand or
whatever. So, so this guy, what do you
have you thought of what his motives
might have been as far as showing you
this, you know, camera feed?
>> Um,
let's think about human basic nature. H
if
uh somebody flips
uh a pop bottle and it lands exactly on
top and uh doesn't break and it doesn't
fall over and they say, "Wow, look what
I did." Someone walking by, they say,
"Hey, look what I did with the pop
bottle." You know, uh we we as humans
like to share things. Um, there have
been, uh, plenty of other times that
when when something happens, they say,
"Hey, hey, doc. Um, I I know you're not
supposed to watch this, but uh, I know
you work on the space shuttle, so that's
okay." And so, you know, when I was on
the submarine, uh, they took me into the
sonar room.
>> That's a great example. Yeah. Um, they
were not supposed to take me into the
sonar room
>> or let you drive the submarine
>> or or drive the submarine, but we're
we're on a cruise and they they said,
"Hey, doc, we're not really supposed to
show you this, but uh we want you to see
how good our sonar is." And so they took
me into the sonar room and showed stuff.
Well, they weren't really supposed to do
that, but it's not like I'm going to go
tell anybody what their sonar stuff is.
>> So, you think he was trying to impress
you?
>> Oh, he he was obviously trying to
impress And do you think on some level,
you know, maybe he wasn't supposed to
know about this footage to begin with
because he was just a major, right? And
so,
>> well, it it it a lot of times you could
be a tech sergeant
>> uh enlisted, but you have a reason to
know what's going on. And so that tech
sergeant is read into a program, whereas
the major is not.
So the major may say, "Hey,
what was that thing you were working
with?" And the tech sergeant says,
"Sorry, sir. Uh, can't tell you." And
and off he goes. So the point is
seniority doesn't necessitate you know
more information in all these cases
especially I've you know
>> it's very hard to um shape the contours
of you know some covert UFO program but
I've heard this many times of people who
are superior in rank not being aware of
the program and then middle manager
types you know being in charge in many
cases
>> for security there's two things that you
need
>> one of them is a sufficient
classification
uh that you have been personally
granted. And the other one is it doesn't
matter what your classification is. If
you don't have a need to know, you're
not supposed to know that.
>> Did you ever see that guy again? Who the
major?
>> I I never saw that guy again and I
assure you I never went back to that
building.
>> Wow. And since then, have you thought
about, you know, I think EG&G is an
interesting vector. you know, they came
out of MIT, Doc Edertton, you know, I
think um they formalized as a company in
in like the 50s or so, come out of the
kind of atomic era and are responsible
for a lot of interesting kind of, you
know, deep black work for the for the US
government. Have you thought about them
at all? Because, you know, another good
example is Bob Lazar in, you know, the
80s was, you know, supposedly stationed
at Area 51, S4. He gets a job through
Edward Teller, but he specifically gets
a job with EGNG. And EG pops up
elsewhere in 1997. You have Admiral
Thomas Wilson, who's head of J2 Joint
Chiefs, who is, you know, under his
purview is all, you know, technical
capabilities of, you know, US military.
And he's meeting with Dr. Eric Davis and
they're in the EGNG parking lot. and
he's he's he's expressing extreme
frustration that he doesn't have
oversight over these sort of UFO
programs. So, do you think EGNG might
play a part in the UFO story?
>> EGNG is all over the military.
>> Mhm.
>> Um for me to guess which contractor
had the president on which project,
um I couldn't know. But EG&G had their
fingerprints all over uh Cape Canaveral.
Um they they were the prime contractor.
Um everybody
uh functioned with EGNG regardless of uh
the other contractors uh and what they
were doing on the Cape.
>> That's so fascinating. Yeah. And they
were interested also in psychic
research. They were doing some really
out there stuff on the kind of psionic
psychic parasychology side and then also
on the exotic propulsion side. They were
also in charge of atomic testing. And if
you think about, you know, where UFOs
show up, they show up around, you know,
sensitive nuclear sites. Um, one example
is I interviewed a guy named Harold
Malmgrren. I don't know if you're
familiar with him, but he was a
presidential adviser for JFK, Nixon, uh,
Kennedy, and Ford. And, um, or sorry, he
was he was a presidential adviser for
JFK, LBJ, Nixon, and Ford. And, um, he
was in charge of costing these sort of
um, you know, uh, uh, ICBM defense
systems uh, for for, uh, uh, basically
taking out Russian ICBMs. And um it was
this sort of nuclear detonation combined
with this X-ray projection that would
take out sort of anything in its
vicinity. And EGNG was responsible for
getting the footage of these atomic
tests. And so uh you know I found that
to be very fascinating that that they
even they were were involved back then
and uh you know that the literally the
the optical footage around the most
sensitive atomic tests where especially
if you know um uh nuclear detonation is
taking out all the surrounding
electronics with an you know an EMP. Um
you know the the optical footage is
going to be really significant
especially for spotting anomalous things
like UFOs. So I often think maybe EGNG
plays this really important role.
>> Well, on Cape Canaveral, uh it it was
this big large facility. Uh just to get
into Cape Canaveral Air Force Station,
you had to have a clearance and a need
to know. So we would have people like
three star generals that are on vacation
in Florida drive up and say, "Hey, I
want to come on and take a look at the
stuff." And and so the uh enlisted uh
guard at the gate says, "I'm sorry, sir,
but uh you do not have authorization to
enter this facility." And they would
sometimes argue with them, but guess
what? The uh security guard always won.
[laughter] Um, well, there were lots of
other things on Cape Canaveral that
weren't exactly
directly related to the space program,
>> but once you put it on Cape Canaveral,
it has a very high level of secrecy.
And if anybody asks uh you know it could
I I'm not even going to use uh a subject
as an example but it could be for
project X.
>> Now then if you put project X in New
Mexico they're going to wonder what it
is.
>> If you put project X on Cape Canaveral
Air Force Station they can always say oh
well it's just related to the space
program. So, uh, we had other projects
that, uh, were on Cape Canaveral, but
any anytime someone says Cape Canaveral,
they say, "Oh, well, it's is a space
program."
>> Well, maybe, maybe not. But there there
were other uh kinds of things that that
we had operating that weren't exactly
space program related.
>> Interesting. Some more kind of exotic
science or something.
Okay. Well, I could tell you uh you
might know a thing or two more than what
you're saying, but
>> Well,
I would hope that I knew a few more
things than what I say because I
shouldn't be talking about everything.
>> Yeah. No, for sure. So, um what made you
want to come out? So, it's been, you
know, what, almost 25 years. um you know
since since that event um and you you
came out um you know was it a couple
months ago now or
>> um yeah um I I retired from the
Department of Defense on the 30th of
April
>> and and so on
>> Congratulations.
>> Yes. Thank you.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh I still haven't gotten all my pay
straight. So, uh, if anyone in the pay
department is listening, ma, make sure I
get my retirement pay straightened out.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Um, he he won't do any more interviews
if you just pay him now. [laughter] I'm
just kidding.
>> Yeah. [gasps]
Yeah. I I don't want to link those two
things at all.
>> I'm I'm joking. But um
>> on on the 4th of May,
uh Josh Boswell came out with uh an
interview uh from the UK Daily Mail. And
then uh Ty Roberts came out with one for
um both the International UFO Bureau and
also for um Total Disclosure.
He's part of both of those. Um, you
know, I I need to say that uh I am on
the board for the
International UFO Bureau. Uh I'm from
Oklahoma, so guess what? It it's
headquartered in Oklahoma City. So So
that comes out very handy.
>> Well, were were you into UFOs before the
sighting at all or before before this,
you know, security camera sighting?
>> Um
you have to go back to 1969, I believe
it was. And when when I read um Chariots
of the Gods by Eric von Donakin, I was
hooked.
>> Yeah.
>> I I was hooked for life. And u my wife
was even more hooked than than I was. So
uh she she has always been fascinated
with all of this.
>> Would you talk about it on the base with
people? Would you, you know, express
interest in UFOs?
Um, we would sometimes talk about um
things of that sort even though even uh
if someone walked into the room and
said, "What were you just talking
about?" We would have said, "Uh,
baseball."
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Um,
>> and you don't think you were kind of
psychologically profiled and tracked and
you were like, they were like, "You know
what, Doc Rogers, he loves the UFO thing
and then, you know, they they try to
show you a thing to corroborate your
belief or something." Um,
I had no idea I was going to that
building that day.
>> Yep.
>> Um, my EGNG escort knew I was going to
uh that building that day, but um
>> Yeah. So, could it have been this EG&G
coordinated Yeah.
>> sign up or something?
But he he would have had to have done
something more to make sure that he did
not walk out at the same time I did
>> in order for that major to speak with me
>> because that major knew me as a flight
surgeon, but he would not have known the
escort as an EG guy. And if we had
walked out at the same time, I don't
think he would have brought anything to
my attention.
>> Yeah. And also it is it is a good
question to what end like what do they
what do they want from that you know
it's uh wow okay so so yeah
>> you know the average person they look up
in the sky they think they see a UFO
they take their camera
um their family comes home what are they
going to do with their family they're
they're going to they're going to show
it to everybody they know
that's what we as humans tend to do and
So
wanting to show something unusual to
other people is pretty common.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, totally. Often AAM's
razor on a lot of these things is just
the human aspects of it and like people
talk more than they should. They want to
impress other people more than they
should. And you know it's the human
fallibility explains way more than uh
you know people want some sort of you
know super coordinated scop or whatever
and that's just often not the case. Um
so okay so so you know two decades plus
go by um you retire and what makes you
want to want to come and and speak out
about this this cycle? First of all,
uh,
everything changed in 2017
>> when the New York Times article came out
and I saw the videos,
um, you know, having known pilots for so
many years,
>> uh, it wasn't just what they were
looking at. Uh, even if I had not seen
what they were looking at, when I heard
the tone of the voices of these pilots
as they're talking back and forth to
each other like, "Wow, did you see
that?"
>> They're not watching anything ordinary.
No.
>> Uh, I I would recognize from their
voice, oh my goodness, they are seeing
something they have never seen in their
life.
>> Because you've probably heard audio,
tons of audio from pilots.
>> Well, I've flown with pilots. Yeah.
>> So, you know, if if we're in a formation
and and all of a sudden u you know, some
strange things happen, you know, we we
talk about it. Uh one time uh
>> did have you ever seen a UFO in the air
with any pilots or
>> No, I haven't.
>> Okay.
>> Uh but as an example of uh something
that happens, uh I was uh in a Blackhawk
>> Mhm. uh flying in Germany and we were uh
flying low level which meant that as we
came over the hill we were supposed to
be within 25 ft above ground level AGL
and so we had come over this hill and
was going down into the uh valley and
then there was a hill on the other side
and this was the last hill
uh before you get to the Ry River Valley
and uh just on the other side there was
an air defense artillery battery. Well,
this F4 Phantom that was um um
using anti-raar
uh missiles, harm missiles, and was uh
performing uh this kind of stuff was not
supposed to be in this airspace, but he
came screaming down this valley at
probably 400 knots. Well, we're just
coming down and he flies between us and
the ground and then he
books it up into there cuz he he knew,
man, we he just nearly died. Well, the
problem is we just nearly died, too. His
uh jet wash hit us and blew us up and
rotated us. And so now we're across the
valley and we are still getting uh a
downward movement um because of the
pressure that his aircraft made. Well,
on this side the hill is coming up. So
we deviate
to try to gain as much air as possible.
So we can't go straight. We go right
into the mountain. So So we bank as as
hard as we can. And when we get up to
right here, there was a road. And so
they have 100 foot high trees there, but
where the road was, it was clear. And so
we um passed that road at probably about
5t AGL. Uh uh if there was a car, we
would have hit it. But uh the trees are
coming up on both sides. And so we went
between the trees climbing up. Jesus, we
nearly died because of what that F4
pilot had done. Now then, as soon as we
get up, I I'll include this because it's
funny from my standpoint. Uh, as as soon
as we we climbed, we were not staying
low level anymore. We were we were
putting some air under us. And I made
the comment, "Uh, gentlemen, I want you
to know my flight suit is dry." And the
the crew chief said, "Well, Doc, I sure
wish I could say it.
>> [snorts]
>> uh he he had voided his bladder. U but
the thing is as soon as we got back to
the base, we're telling everybody this
story. Well, it didn't involve anybody
else. There was really nothing to do,
but it was an interesting story, so we
were telling it.
>> So that Yeah, that that that sounds like
a close call.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. There's been several
times that God was looking out for me or
we wouldn't have made it. Yeah. Wow.
That that's fascinating. And so, okay,
so you so 25 years later, you see this
article come out in the New York Times.
You see three Pentagon videos getting,
you know, kind of released
>> uh that are unidentified um by by
definition
>> and that sort of emboldens you to start
to think about maybe
>> at that time I spoke to a a gentleman
that I respect very greatly. I don't
want to mention his name, but uh if I
mention his name, boy, would you know
who he was.
>> But I had Why don't you want to mention
it?
>> I had
you know,
I'm I'm getting dinged from people all
over the place since I came out. I'm not
going to dump on somebody else.
>> Okay? you know. Um,
uh, in anyway, uh, I talked to him for
quite a while and then the the real
impetus was when David Grush testified.
>> Yeah.
>> And he gave all of this expert testimony
and then said,
I know that we have reverse engineered
craft.
I just don't have anyone who will come
out and and say it.
>> Yeah. in this setting. Well, um, as as I
I watched the video multiple times, I
thought
u you know, I've I've got a 6:00
covered.
>> Um,
you know, he he said, "No one's come out
and and um told their story." Well, if I
come out,
uh,
you know, uh, David,
uh, is exposed because no one will say
that they saw a reverse engineered
craft.
>> So, you wanted to back him up. So, um,
you know, I can't confirm all of the
other stuff he did, but when and then,
uh, some of the government officials
said, "We have never had a craft like
that in our inventory." And I was
sitting there saying, "What are you
talking about?" I saw it.
>> Mhm.
>> So, I decided, you know, when I retire,
I I'm I'm going to tell my story whether
they like it or not. And uh uh next time
David Gush speaks, he can say, "Look,
not only do I know that um there are
reverse engineered
um spacecraft,
um Dr. Greg Rogers testified to it."
>> Mhm. Well, he he's definitely the tip of
the spear, I think, in a lot of people's
opinion. you know, he's uh provided,
you know, hundreds of pages to the um
you know, inspector general of the
intelligence community, Thomas Mannheim
to the effect that there are covert
reverse engineering programs. He's, you
know, on C-SPAN talking to, you know,
AOC, who's saying, "Do you have the
locations of, you know, where these
crafts are being reverse engineered?"
And he says, "Yes, I have the addresses,
and I will give them to you if you just
get me into a skiff." So, I I think
that's kind of a a bold, you know, uh uh
flag to plant, right? If um uh you know,
if if if you weren't being honest and I
think so, I think I think you know, all
of his colleagues say that uh you know,
he's uh beyond reproach and uh you know,
all have good things to say about him.
He was National Geospatial Agency,
National Reconnaissance Office, um Air
Force, Space Force, I think may maybe
just Air Force. I don't know about Space
Force actually, but um you know, and
I've gotten to know him pretty well and
I you know, he's just autistic,
attention to detail, literally because
he's level one autism. So um
>> well uh
that that would be me as well.
>> You have level one autism, too?
>> Yeah. Along with PTSD.
>> Oh, wow. uh in the uh I' I've written a
book since um
>> I went out to uh contact in the desert
because so many people were saying
you've got to tell these stories. So um
I I've I've written a book.
>> What's the book?
>> Um to be really ingenious, I decided to
call it We Got It From Them. [laughter]
>> And is it about UFOs? It's about UFOs,
but it also contains additional stories
from my background be because I I want
>> non-military people to sort of feel like
what a military career is composed of.
>> Yeah.
>> And um uh between each section, I I tell
a different one of my stories. and be
right before the final chapter
um I just came right out and said I have
PTSD.
Uh lots and lots of soldiers, sailors,
uh air force marines uh have this and
too many people see it as something that
uh you've got to hide that uh you can't
admit what's going on.
Um, so I I wanted to
spend one whole section trying to
convince people, look, if you have PTSD,
get help.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, here here's here here are things
that that can help you. But um
you know with with the way people treat
whistleblowers, [clears throat]
if if I have PTSD, someone's going to
bring it out in a negative way, so I
might as well beat him to the punch and
just say, "Look,
>> well, good for you." Well, that happened
to David Grush. It's crazy. But they um
they basically leaked his medical
records from the I guess the the uh
police department locally in Virginia.
Uh leaked this you know um uh call that
he had because you know he
one of his friends was morted right next
to him. Another friend committed suicide
due to his own PTSD. He was an
Afghanistan combat veteran and he had
suffered from and he talks about it in
this interview I do with him where he uh
talks about doing you know heart rate
variability, breath work and other
things to to to really you know uh
reintegrate. So, I I admire your courage
for uh for talking about this. And I
think you're right to to say it
prophylactically because I can't tell
you how many other whistleblowers I've
broken who are, in my opinion, are sort
of war heroes. Things they tell me off
air, really impressive things they've
gone through and then people just go
after their core credential. They don't
even go after the experience. They go
after their, you know, they act like
they weren't like this one guy like
wasn't a Green Beret or something. It's
like crazy. It's like, you know, I know
he was.
>> Well,
You can have PTSD by um survivors
remorse. M um there was one guy when I
was a very young doctor who was in
Vietnam and they were in a firefight and
so they were trying to keep suppressive
cover down and uh he had emptied his M16
and so he uh put the next magazine in
and he was just hesitating because man
they're taking fire from everywhere.
Well, his sort of battle buddy guy was
still firing next to him and he paused
in instead of immediately returning
fire. And while he paused, his best
friend got hit and killed.
>> And so for the rest of his life, he felt
like if I had given suppression fire,
>> my buddy wouldn't have died. M
>> and so um uh I I talked to him uh a
number of times, but his family would
say, "You're a hero." And people would
do say all this kind of stuff. And yet
in his mind, he wasn't a hero. His buddy
died because he hesitated.
>> He he was the least thing of of a hero
in his own mind that it could be because
his buddy had died because he paused
before returning fire. And that was
something that that guy was going to
live with the rest of his life.
>> Yeah. I could see that eating away at
you more than something having happened
to you directly. So it uh broadly is the
source of your PTSD just seeing all
these people in the medical context or
is it
>> Well, it's it's all kinds of things.
sort of the one thing that sort of
stands out as a story was that uh we had
an aircraft mishap where um one of our
pilots died. And so I had to go and um
collect um urine samples from him, uh
blood samples from him. Uh, I had to
gather up the rest of his body and try
to um get as much of his body together
uh as as we could before we shipped it
off for an autopsy. And so uh this was
out in the field environment. And so I
got back to my tent because a bunch of
people saw what happened. So I had to
counsel all of these other people. So, I
spent the whole afternoon counseling
these people and doing my job as a
flight surgeon to prepare for the
aircraft mishap investigation that that
was going to come out of this because
every time an aircraft crashes, we try
to find the details so that we can
prevent the next one. So, uh, I finally
got back to, um, my GP medium, which is,
uh, a general purpose tent. And, uh, as
as I sit down on my cot, uh, one of my
medics says, um, Captain Rogers, how bad
was it? I said, as bad as you can
imagine. Uh, I mean, um, yeah, uh, I
picked up parts of his body 130 yards
away. And, you know, I and and so I was
giving her just a few details. And all
of a sudden, she looked and she said,
"Uh,
Captain Rogers, I don't know how to tell
you this, but it looks like part of his
brain is on your boot." Oh.
>> So, I looked down and I said, "Oh, yeah,
it is." So, I picked up
part of his brain and we had a pot belly
stove to keep us warm and I just tossed
it into that pot belly stove
for me. The very next moment there was a
hand on my shoulder and it was my um
staff sergeant who is my NCIC and he
said, "Come on, doc. Uh we got to get
some breakfast, head over to third
attack." And I said, "What are you
talking about? It's the middle of the
night. He said, "No, it's uh 0553. Uh we
we need to get moving." And so he didn't
realize
what had happened to me. I didn't
realize what I happened. Uh, but I I got
up and and went and got some breakfast,
went over to the third attack battalion
aid station and did all of the stuff I
was supposed to do because the the man
who died was from third attack.
And so, uh, late that day, I finally saw
my medic and I said, "Hey, do you
remember talking to me uh early this
morning?" She said, "Oh, oh, yeah." And
I said, "Do you remember telling me that
part of his brain was on my boot?" And
she said, "Yes, sir." I said, "And I
took it and I put it in the pot belly
stove." And she said, "Yes, sir." And I
said, "What did I do then?" And she
said, "Well, you just sat there.
>> I tried to talk to you, but um you
weren't responding, so I I just uh got
back in my sleeping bag and went to
sleep. I had lost more more than 4 hours
that I can't account for.
>> Jesus, you went into some sort of
catatonic
>> Yeah.
>> state or something.
>> Yeah. And um needless to say, there
there have been times that I have
relived these issues in my dreams.
>> Yeah.
>> And and I've got lots of other stories.
>> But they're not all good stories.
>> Yeah. Um, and you can't undo
a story like that.
>> Yeah.
>> You know,
this was one of my one of my friends. I
had done his flight physical two weeks
before we went out there.
>> Damn.
>> And now I'm taking part of his brain and
throwing it in a pot belly stove.
>> Yeah. So
tell me how that's
going to get fixed.
>> Yeah,
>> you can't fix that.
>> No, you can't. You can't do anything.
>> So I I've got other stories like that
that I don't want to go into, but
>> I'm sorry, man. Well, we're all here for
you. I really appreciate you uh you
know, having the courage to come out and
uh like you said, you have David Grush's
six o'clock position. I think it's very
cool. uh that you're doing this and uh
and that you're being so open and
sharing about your your your PTSD um
which is in no way related to, you know,
the the your your your testimony, which
people should realize, you know, um if
you were to blanket discount, you know,
people with PTSD, you'd be like
discounting half the military. Well, you
know, a lot of people don't realize it,
but we have archaeological evidence that
goes all the way back to the Spartans.
>> And there was a doctor that had written
a treatise back then. And
uh that treatis
fit every category of PTSD now. And so
even the ancient Spartans who we think
of, they were the greatest fighters, no,
they they were humans and they still had
PTSD back then.
>> Absolutely. I mean, you can't I think
you can't be human and and you you see
these things, of course, you're going to
dissociate somewhat and you're going to,
you know, repress these like extreme
feelings. And if you don't have those
extreme feelings, there's something else
kind of off with you around, you know,
maybe sociopathy or something. If you if
you're very close with a person and you
see something that bad happen to them,
you know, especially if you're
sensitive, you know, like uh I think
Grush is another good example where he's
he's a you could tell he's a he's a
sensitive guy. Uh you're going to you're
going to store a lot. You're going to
pick up a lot and you have to, you know,
like the electrostatic discharge on the
craft, you need you need to discharge
that somehow or it's going to it's going
to kind of eat at you. So, um I I admire
you being open about all of this. I
think it's I think it's awesome and uh
nothing at all to be ashamed about. If
anything, it you know, we should be
honoring you for having served our
country for so long. So, uh appreciate
you.
>> Well, um
I look back at the friends of mine who
who died and I think, no, those are the
real heroes. M
>> um you know sometimes it's very hard for
people with survival guilt
>> to accept
somebody saying something good to him
because
um
you know in in one circumstance I was
working on a good friend of mine and I
could not save his life and he died. Um,
I did not feel like a hero after that.
>> Yeah, but that's part for the course
with your job. You're not going to have
100% success rate and you're going to
have cases where no human could ever
save them. So, I think you uh you can't
be too hard on yourself. And I think
just the fact that you were fulfilling
that role, which is one that I think
most people would be too too afraid to
even, you know, do, I think is a really
amazing, you know, testament. And we
don't know what happens when you die.
So, you know, I always think that
sometimes it's like it's such a tragedy
when when people pass onto the other
side, but they could be they could be
they could be watching over you right
now and so proud of what you're doing
and as a doctor
>> really happy, you know, we don't know.
>> As a doctor, I can assure you there are
worse things than dying.
>> Yeah. I do not want to have 99% of my
body burned and me survive
>> totally
>> in total agony. I do not want my brain
to survive my body. I don't want my body
to survive my brain.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh I've seen both and they're not
pretty.
>> They're not pretty. Yeah. Know that
sounds like uh purgatory. Like you're uh
walking around and you know I mean
that's that's that's probably the worst.
I I agree. Well, I do want you to know I
think you're uh yeah, you did the Lord's
work and um you have nothing nothing to
be uh you know regretful about. Well,
God
drives everything in the universe.
>> You know, um science cannot disprove God
because God made science. M
>> um you know one of the things that used
to bug me um when when I was a kid and I
was reading Genesis
uh it said the uh evening and the
morning were the first day and during
the first day God said let there be
light. Okay so there's the light.
Then it said the evening and the morning
were the second day.
Well, hold a second. There was light in
the first day. Where did the light go
that it got dark again?
>> The sun wasn't formed. It It wasn't The
Earth just turned the opposite
direction. Well, the thing is I never
had an explanation for that until I
learned about the cosmic microwave
background. And then when you understand
the cosmic microwave background, you
understand this is exactly what happened
at the time of the big bang. The the
temperatures in the early universe were
so hot that all you had was plasma. You
it was so hot that no proton could hook
onto an electron because it would break
apart because there was so much energy.
So, uh, for 3,000 380,000
years,
there was an orange light that filled
the universe and and it was this plasma.
But at 380,000
years after the Big Bang, it finally
cooled enough that for the first time,
the proton could grab an electron
and boom, you've got a hydrogen atom.
>> It's 380,000 years. 380,000 years.
>> That's amazing.
>> But once
one
proton could grab an electron, so could
the other proton and the other proton.
And so within a very short time, we went
from this plasma filled universe
>> to um
the first atoms that were made and the
universe was completely clear. Yeah, but
there was no light
because until enough of these protons
with the hydrogen atom got together and
they started accumulating using
electrostatic forces and uh gravity.
They finally made a such a big mass
of all of these atoms that gravitational
force compressed them and boom, you you
have the first generation star. And so
light returned to the universe and
that's the light of the second day. So
you have the light of the big bang and
then you have no light until you get
this hydrogen formation up until a star
and then you get light back and so it
matches with the Bible. I like that. I
would say, you know, I believe in God.
Um but I would say that our cosmological
models of the universe are just super
limited and so I don't even know if the
Big Bang is a thing. And the reason I
say that is the James Webb telescope is
now picking up all these early galaxies
that were far earlier than we ever
thought galaxies formed. And basically,
if they exist in proportion to what was
found in this little section of the
universe, um, then they might better
explain the cosmic microwave background
than the actual big bang itself. And so
my larger kind of point is like we just
we just need a lot of epistemic humility
around cosmological models like I think
physics has a scaling problem. So if you
have anomalies at low scale, we were
talking about you know alternative prop
propulsion like the Casemir effect or
Bfield Brown like these things that like
we don't we can't explain you know
simply through general relativity or
quantum mechanics. If you have any sort
of anomalies at low scale which of
course we do because at any given time
in history you have anomalies in your
physical models of reality and that's
then they get updated then it's like
your rocket is one degree off course.
And so when you try to scale it to a
cosmological model, you have this sort
of error propagation and you're like way
off. And then you have to come up with
placeholders like dark matter, which is
this glue which explains gravity,
gravity's weakness, or cosmic inflation,
which is sort of the expansion of the
universe, where if you were to ask a
physicist, what fun what fundamental
force is represented in cosmic
inflation, they wouldn't have an answer
for you. They'd say some sort of
repulsive form of gravity. they'd say
anti-gravity and so you end up I think
in like uh you know this crazy kind of
hyperspace like just trying to make the
math work to comport with our human very
limited epistemology
um there are all these issues with the
cosmological constant I mean we could go
on for for for a long time as far as
issues with cosmology so I think none of
that you can't use science to discount
God because I I mean the the the
universe is just so miraculous and the
earth is so mira you have the plank's
constant you know if it were slightly
different you know we wouldn't have an
atmosphere right and there's so many
examples like that so I don't know what
do you think
>> well the the single biggest problem is
that if you don't have god everything
has to happen randomly
>> but the universe isn't random
>> um do how much do you know about
kirality
Uh I know a little bit about it. Yeah.
>> Okay. Well um kirality means that
there is something that is going to
occur
um in in which you you can have one
version and you can have the opposite
version. If you take the carbon of a
methane molecule and you have four
hydrogen molecules and let's just say 12
3 6 and 9.
>> If you decide to make uh methyl chloride
and you take a chlorine atom and put it
at the 3:00 position, the composition is
C H 3 Cl.
But now then if you take this the
chlorine and you put it at the at the
9:00 model instead of the 3:00 model,
the chemical formula is exactly the
same. But if you shine
if you if if you shine polarized light
through that
>> Uhhuh.
>> If it's at the 9:00 position, it's going
to turn the polarized light to the
right. M
>> if it's at the if the chlorine is at the
3:00 position, it's going to turn it to
the left.
>> So, you have a left-handed methyl
chloride and a right-handed methyl
chloride.
>> Now, it seems like there shouldn't be a
difference, but biologic systems will
only function with one of those options.
>> Yeah, glucose. There's a there's a
left-handed glucose and a right-handed
glucose, but the right-handed glucose is
the only glucose that any plant will
make, that any animal will consume, that
any
um protoplasm
will uh be able to manufacture energy
from. So, it's not 50/50. What what is
happening is that uh I put this in a
book uh years ago uh the case for God.
If you take a nickel and you flip it,
50/50 chance it's coming up heads. So it
comes up heads. So you flip it again,
comes up heads again. So you you say,
"Hey, I'm going to Vegas. Uh, I'm going
to find um a casino where I can flip
a a nickel and uh bet on it. So, you you
put $5 down, you flip it, comes up
heads, you got $10. You flip it again,
you got $20. You flip it again, you've
got $40. By the time you flip this thing
20 times and it came up heads every
time, the casino is visiting you because
you have a nickel that has been fixed.
It has been altered. And so it is not a
5050 chance. It's 100% and 0%. And when
you look at the kirality throughout the
universe, there are all of these
multiple multiple multiple times when
there should be a 50/50 reaction and
it's 100% and 0%.
>> Yeah.
>> And and so
if
you are trying to explain this randomly,
you don't have a real good case. If you
say there is a God who knows how to fix
a nickel so that it comes up heads every
time.
Very simple explanation.
>> Yeah. And there there are rational
explanations basically for God and then
there are rational explanations for pure
randomness. And I I think the very fact
that our world is so kind of you know
this anthropic principle another good
example would be water and and ice where
normally the the um you know solid
version of a molecular structure is
heavier uh and and and more dense than
uh the liquid version of that structure.
And in the case of H2O, because hydrogen
and oxygen have to happen to when they
bond and freeze, they form these perfect
crystal lattice structures, they're
actually less dense than water. And so
you end up basically where with this
thing where like ice can float on water.
And if that weren't the case, the earth
would flood a million times over. So you
have this kind of anthropic principle
around that plank's constant, the weak
electro kind of, you know, you know,
that's that's anthropic. All of these
things if there were you know the uh
gravitational constant if it is actually
constant if any of these things were
slightly off you know the earth would
not be habitable as as we kind of know
it and then you get into physics
principles like Heisenberg's uncertainty
principle where if you you're only
measuring you know uh position and
momentum one gets fuzzier as the other
gets more accurate and that sounds that
looks a lot like kind of a computational
caching function and so you end up with
this model where there's there really
rational ways to actually explain God.
You have even like in vogue today is
Nick Bostonramm and like you know Elon
Musk saying we live in a simulation.
Well, it's like who simulated us? Like,
you know, God, you know, you know, God
is a sort of a, you know, a placeholder
that, you know, it's it's very hard to
know exactly what that is. But, um, you
know, for a lot of people who don't have
sort of a Gnostic, you know, felt sense
of God, but on the other side, I don't I
don't I don't know if the other side is
more rational is all I'm saying. I think
there's like a lot of really interesting
data points that point you towards, you
know, we live in a, you know, creative
in intelligent universe.
>> Um, yeah, go for it. Um you know when
Albert Einstein created the special
theory of relativity people argued with
him
>> and um you know it they argued with him
so much between that and general
relativity that even though Einstein won
a Nobel Prize it wasn't for relativity
because too many people still argued
about that he won it for the
photoelectric
>> electric effect special relativity.
Yeah,
>> they were not going to give Einstein
the credit he needed for relativity.
>> General relativity was known as a novel
curiosity until 1957. And that's when
you know guys like now like Kip Thorne
will they call it the golden age of
general relativity basically post
Einstein where he gets resuscitated and
you know turned into this you know uh uh
modern genius who explains everything
kind of cosmologically but before that
it was this kind of novel curiosity that
was not at all established physics.
>> It wasn't established physics but it was
in the Bible
>> general relativity.
>> General relativity. Uh,
>> so you've got this
>> Jesus said that with God a thousand
years is a day and a thous and a day is
a thousand years.
>> Uh, no I think it's Peter. Sorry. But at
the time that was an element of belief.
>> They had no reason to believe it but
they were going to believe it. Now then
when you take scientists today, I'm not
one of them, but there are scientists
who can calculate
for 24 hours to pass on Earth, an
astronaut would have to be traveling at
this speed close to the speed of light
>> in order for them to see a thousand
years and this guy to see 24 hours. It's
not a belief anymore. It's an equation.
>> Well, another another good example of
that is um one of my favorite lines is
in the book of Mark and I am uh I'm
going to paraphrase here, but it's
something like careful what you measure
because what you measure you'll get more
of. Yes. And it's this very you know
seek and you shall find sort of you know
comment and I am really interested in
this field of parasychology this idea
you know of like where where your
attentional sensor is pointed you will
receive more of that thing and everybody
if you were to pull them and they're
open to this somewhat
a lot of people high percentage of
people will say that empirically that
happens in their life that like you know
they think about a thing and then it
just pops and they think about a friend
and they the friend calls them you know
that sort thing. Um, and so I think
there's a lot of deep truth to the Bible
that again people discount. They say it
was like, you know, bunch of
you know, paranormal magic tricks or
something. And I don't think that's
right. I think there there are some real
there's some deep onlogical truth that
it's pointing at.
>> Well, there there's truth all over the
world as well. M
>> you know um when you look at the vdic
texts
>> they're talking about vimmanas
>> now then at the time those were the
strangest things ever but they described
like an arrow that when it was shot it
would guide itself to through the air
until it hit its target. M
>> if you were watching an F-22
fighting uh a MiG 29
>> Mhm.
>> and they fire
heatseeking air-to-air missile.
>> Mhm.
>> That missile is going to guide itself
until it hits its target.
>> Totally.
>> So this was a description in the Vadic
texts thousands of years ago. Or what
about the vimmanas which describe
literally UFOs with spinning mercury
inside which then get later I mean you
have a a famous UFO whistleblower named
Edgar Fuche claimed to be at Area 51 and
he was working on the you know or I
think he was uh aware of the TR3A and B
series from north of Grman and it
involves spinning mercury and so who
knows but I've had in your chair a um
Senate staffer for the intelligence
community. Uh Kirk McConnell bring this
up to me. So, you know, you don't have
to trust me, crazy podcaster or
whatever. Like, he brought this up both
in the context of DLA, this German bell,
which is, I think, no longer fictional.
We know there was something there.
There's literally like a rig that a
picture of a rig there. And Nick Cook
has done all this interesting
investigation into anti-gravity research
mid-century um has gone in there. And
so, you know, that DLA probably existed
and they're supposed to be spinning
Mercury there. And then you have Edgar
Fuchsche saying later in the TR3A and B
series you had spinning Mercury. So, and
then the Vmanas spinning Mercury. I
don't know.
>> Um,
you know, you can take some of the um
models of so-called birds
>> from South America.
>> And if you show them to uh American
grade school kids, they're going to look
at them and say, "Those are airplanes."
Why? because they look like airplanes.
>> Now then, these things are thousands of
years old. Um,
why do they look like airplanes?
Could it be because they were airplanes?
>> Uh, you know, we're not nearly as smart
as we think we are.
>> I agree. Also, if a cataclysm were to
occur, uh, you'd have no idea. It would
be so buried. You know, they're talking
about like something happened. I mean,
we have very very little record of the
dinosaurs and they were wiped out, you
know, 66 million years ago. Um, so if
you you could have a civilization, you
know, it you could have this sort of
scurve thing with civilizational cycles
and cataclysms and um it it'd be hard to
know until you first discover the thing.
You know, right now civilization is
getting older progressively. Every call
it 30 or 40 years we find, oh, now we
have Gabbec. Oh, actually go back to
Templey isn't the earliest, you know,
megalithic site. So, I just think our
our understanding of the past, as you're
implying, is extremely limited. And
there's actually, you know, all sorts of
forbidden archaeology where you have
like the antic theorem mechanism, which
is a little computer with astronomical
alignments found, you know, in the uh I
think the Aian or the, you know, and
it's undeniable.
>> Yeah, it's undeniable. No, that is a
fact. Yeah. So then you get an
accumulation of these things and it's
like well maybe our maybe our
understanding of our past is just way
off.
>> Um so fascinating. So, one one thing I
want, you know, getting back to your the
core case is it is interesting with a
lot of these testimonies where you flip
one switch and you could explain what
you saw not by them because maybe that
was just told to the major and maybe the
major related to you, but it could be
explained by just a terrestrial al
equally exciting but anti-gravity line
of aerospace. And we were talking off
air before the show about the Biffield
Brown effect and like, you know, exotic
propulsion. Do you think that it's
possible that what you saw was actually
maybe just some extremely exciting human
propulsion breakthrough?
>> I I think that what I saw was uh human
um built.
>> Mhm.
uh why we would design it that way, I
could not prove one way or the other.
But um knowing aerospace as I do because
I dealt with rockets, I dealt with the
space shuttle, I dealt with F-16s, I
dealt with H1 attack helicopters,
>> there is nothing that would be
advantageous aerodynamically
for us to build that. and for somebody
to to go off on a crazy tangent and say,
"I'm going to build this even though
it's not aerodynamic and
uh it doesn't show any um basic
advantage over any of our uh current uh
aircraft.
To me, that that's nuts. That that's
crazy."
>> I think it's a little nuts, too. And for
context for the audience, the 80s was
really the stealth revolutions. So you
have the F-17 coming out in the early
80s and then you have the B2 coming out
in the late '8s. And obviously the B2
had probably been around for a little
bit longer, but like
billions of dollars were being spent on
these, you know, programs. And that was
really kind of the the state-of-the-art.
And it is hard to believe, you know,
America did have a flying saucer program
proven. Nobody would argue with the AVO
car. So the Avro car uh was in the 50s
and 60s and it was at right airfield and
you had
>> but that was a joke.
>> It kind of a joke but the point is is
that you had a radial gas flowing
turbine engine but you had all these
issues aerodynamically with with you
know
>> it couldn't get out of ground effect.
That's the same thing that happened with
Vanguard.
>> It couldn't get out out of ground
effect. It had this sort of kanda effect
wobbly thing going on. And
>> well with with helicopters when we fly
helicopters
uh when when we are moving forward if
you go fast enough you will finally
leave ground effect and you'll go into
translational lift
>> and and then you will ascend. But if if
you're having trouble with your engine,
you want to stay close to the ground
because the force of the rotor wash
hitting the ground
gives you the equivalent of additional
lift
>> until you lose it and you lose ground
effect. I do find it interesting that
right when right airfield is working on
the AVO car they're also sponsoring this
conference with the top theoretical you
know physics research in the country at
chap UNCC Chapel Hill University of
North Carolina and the guy who's running
University of North Carolina's you know
institute of field physics with this guy
Bryce Dit one of the top theoretical
physicists in the world at the time um
was a guy named Agny Bonson and he had
in his diaries um you know that were
found years later it was uh the space
brothers came to me and said get get me
in touch with towns and brown because I
I want to build a spaceship and so I
wonder you have this avoar project it's
kind of a joke it's not really working
but you have a dedicated theoretical
physics group uh you know under this guy
Josh Goldberg at right airfield um and
then they're sponsoring elite you know
theoretical work on the subject and then
the same guy who's you know basically
like uh you know uh uh uh being being a
benefactor being being sponsored by
right airfield is also hiring towns and
brown who probably made all these
interesting updates in you know uh the
world of you know anti-gravity
propulsion then you have to ask yourself
the question
you know could we make that much
progress in in in 20 years and I I don't
know the answer to that um
>> well yeah I I with what you just said I
always think of Pen and Teller.
>> I I love to watch Pen and Teller.
>> And one of the things they've they
always talk about magic
>> when they say the magic is over here,
you know, the magic is really over here.
This is where they're wanting you to
focus so that you're not paying
attention over here.
>> Exactly.
>> So when these companies say, "Look, we
made this thing. Look at how fancy it
is.
That's to get the people's attention so
they don't look at this other thing that
they're spending all the money on.
>> That's right. Well, that's what I think
now is the Avro car was probably a cover
for something deeper because all the
rumors are that the Roswell craft was
taken to right airfield and so you had
this yeah kind of you know distraction
of like kind of this joke of a thing the
Avro car
>> um and then you have like more serious
stuff going on but I think they used the
Avro car as a front to get specific Nazi
scientists like there's this guy Richard
Meita who went and worked for the Avroar
uh in Canada which you know before it
moved to um right Pat it was at uh in
Canada under a guy named John Frost and
John Frost who ran the Avroar project on
behalf of I think British Aircraft it
was like British Aircraft and CIA were
co-running this thing he was going out
to recruit all these secret Nazi
scientists who had worked under Hansler
people like you know he went to try to
recruit Victor Shawberger and they end
up sort of stealing his work. Um but
yeah, meet uh this other guy, Henry
Kanda, which the Kanda effect is named
after is we know was a consultant um for
project Y, which is what you know uh uh
the Abracar project turned into. It was
Y and Silverbug. So I think they were
using it as like a a funnel where it's
like this is a joke. We're not making
progress. Let's get all these Nazi
scientists to work on these things. But
I think there was something very vital
underneath all of it that was actually
happening. And the crazy thing about
your testimony, you're talking about the
craft being charged. I've heard that a
couple of times. Apparently,
um, this one, uh, firsthand witness who
claimed to have worked on a craft at
Wright airfield that was retrieved in
the Aztec recovery in 1948 in um, March
um, uh, in New Mexico. He uh uh he says
that the that the the the craft was like
hooked up to these like extremely high
powered transformers and it would go
translucent when it got powered up. So
that's interesting. And then there are a
couple of other you know people who say
similar things like that like you know a
ton of power needs to be sort of
mainlined into the craft and so it's
probably limited by its by its power
source. It's like Towns and Brown was
always looking for a power source for
his mega volt range electricity. So, you
know, and it was always, you know, going
to be this kind of nuclear power source
like possibly cold fusion, like a low
energy nuclear reaction or something.
But, but before you get that, before you
get the cold fusion, you have to pump it
full of meggaolt range electricity.
Well,
uh I I think one of the things that
uh people
don't really seem to grasp in general is
that you have to take baby steps before
you take big steps. And so, um
recovering a craft in 47,
well, okay, you have all the details to
it, but you can't make it. Um, an
example that I like to use is the F-22.
If we took an F-22 fighter in our day,
which is the most advanced air-to-air uh
platform that we have, and we take it
back to 1914,
and we say, "Okay, US engineers, we want
the United States to have the best
aircraft that'll shoot anything out of
the sky. You can win the war with it and
all of this stuff." And then they go
look at it and they say,
"Why does the skin feel so funny?" Oh,
well that's radar absorbent material.
Well, what's radar? Oh, well, it's uh a
radio wave that you bounce off uh and
according to how long it takes to get
back, you can find the range and
distance for it. And they say, "Well,
where's the propeller?"
Uh, all of our aircraft are made out of
wood with a propeller. I don't see any
wood and I don't see a propeller. Um,
are you sure this thing flies?
Even though this is only 100 years of
human technology,
those 1914 engineers could not begin to
understand the F-22, much less rebuild
it. M
>> if we can do this in 100 years of human
technology,
what would be happen in 10,000 years of
nonhuman technology?
>> How far behind would we be? You know,
when
uh you know uh Leonardo da Vinci was
alive, there were four elements in the
universe. water, fire, air, and um what
am I thinking?
>> Earth.
And they believed
those were the four elements. If you
asked any scientist at that time,
that would be their answer. Now then, if
you said, um, uh, what do you think
about quantum theory?
They'd say, what are you even talking
about? Yeah. Well, atoms uh are are not
the smallest things. Uh you can have
quarks and uh you can um
>> gluons
>> have gluons. Uh you know uh you have to
decide whether whether or not they're
going to be bosons or firmians and uh
bosons will always have
uh a whole number factor of the plank
constant. And they're going to say,
"What are you talking about?" Mhm.
>> Now then these would be the smartest,
most brilliant people and they think
they know what physics is all about.
>> Mhm.
>> But they are totally and completely off
base.
>> So what do you think these beings are
that have these crafts that fly that
maybe gift us well
>> their craft?
If
our star is
less than five billion years old, but
there was another star in our same
galaxy that is 6 billion years old
and uh the life formation followed a
similar pathway to us.
their physics is 1 million years ahead
of us.
>> And they're going to look at our physics
and and say, "Look, they're still
fighting with string theory."
>> You know, what's wrong with these
idiots?
>> You know, they think to go into space,
you have to have a chemical rocket to go
in space. You know, no wonder they can't
go anywhere.
Um
what appears to be magic
can be nothing more than um advanced
technology.
And we are so proud of everything we've
learned, but we were so proud of what we
learned in 1850. And we thought we knew
a lot in 1850. U Maxwell hadn't even
come out with his laws yet. Um, if you
go to 1600, you know, um,
>> well, that that's their saying with
electromagnetism is we know all the
known laws in the universe.
Electromagnetism explains it all. We're
at the end of history and this was
immediately pre max plunk and, you know,
quanta and the whole quantum revolution.
So,
>> right up until we were proven completely
wrong.
>> Yep. Yeah. Totally. No, it's uh
>> I would you always will go do well if
you bet against the current physical
model of reality. You always do well.
You'll always if you bet against the
house. If you bet against the Neil
deGrasse Tyson's of your time, you will
always make money
>> because those people are always going to
be wrong. It's such hubris to say we are
at the end of history and we know
everything. It's that's insane. or even
to say that we are just rounding out the
final, you know, margins like you know
there the there are little errors that
you know we just have to correct for and
then we're finished. That's never how it
works. It always the next paradigm
completely upends our understanding of
things. If if you have a really terrible
shot with a pistol,
>> if you stand 100 yards directly in front
of them, the safest place to be is where
they're aiming.
because they're always going to miss.
>> So you you don't know where they're
going to miss, but if you're a lousy
shot with a pistol at a 100 yards,
you're not going to hit anybody.
>> Yep. That's a great way to It's a great
way to put it. Yeah. So that's why I
think I don't know. I I worry about
institutions which have become
increasingly close-minded and they used
to kind of foster real intellectual
heterodoxy and open-mindedness and I
think they are they've become
increasingly like you know you have to
tow the party line and if you don't you
know you're you're out. So I would I
would go kind of long individuals and
short institutions over the next you
know 10 years. I think in many ways we
might have a we might be in a sort of
meltup in the markets you know just
around AI and stuff but ultimately we're
you know we're probably in this sort of
recession already or bare market and and
then the only thing we have a bull
market in right now is ideas like the
we're in a we're in a crazy kind of
ideas bull market and so that's that's
kind of exciting but
>> but there there can be times when we
can't tell the difference between good
ideas and bad ideas In 1972
when they were first planning the space
shuttle, they uh said, "Well, what
happens when it lands in California and
we have to get it back to the launch
site in Florida?"
>> So they thought, "Well, we could put it
on a train and have a special route for
that. Well, we could put it on a boat
and bring it through the Panama Canal."
Well, there was this one low-level
scientist that said, "What if we put it
on the back of a 747?" And they said,
"Shut up. The the real people are
talking here." So, they keep going
through all this stuff. And then
finally, one of the big guys says, "We
could put it on the back of a 747 and
fly it back." And they, "What a great
idea. That's wonderful." And this guy's
saying,
"I I I said that four weeks ago,
>> but Yeah. Well, no one was listening to
you. We're we're listening to this guy
cuz cuz he's big time." Yeah. Well, it's
so much of science is social proof and
herdlike and you expect it to be the
most immune from herdlike thinking. But
an example I always like is like you
know who the first person who you know
discovered that we live in a solar
system that revolves around the sun and
not the earth is. Do do you know?
>> Um
I would think it was one of the Greek
philosophers.
>> So that's that's amazing because most
people would say capernicus you know
16th century pre Galileo you know
actually observing it. And in fact it
was one of the Greek philosophers this
guy Aristarkus.
>> Yeah. Well, u one of these guys um was
able to take a stick, put it in the
ground, and measure
um
the distance and do the mathematics and
he estimated
the uh entire length around the world
and and he was like within 3%.
>> Whoa. Who is this? Uh, I I I don't
remember, but um, you know, it's I'm
sure you could.
>> That's so cool.
>> But because he studied the shadow of a
stick. You're pretty smart. Yeah. I feel
like you're you're pretty self-taught in
all these sort of, you know, physics and
astronomy and it's impressive.
>> Well, think of that guy. How smart did
he have to be?
>> Well, that's the thing. It's like I
think a lot of you know this sort of
modern version of intelligence is just
it's like you have like adornments in a
in your hat or something you know little
you know a cap in your feather or
whatever but but um you you could say a
bunch of that makes you sound smart
but like so much of real intelligence
should just be like childlike thinking
about the univer like forgetting all
priors and almost being not super
socialized so that there's you're not
just adhering ing to the fashionable
ideas of the time and just really
thinking about things in kind of a, you
know, this is an overused term, but like
a first principles way, like seeing
things for what they are.
>> That's a very rare thing. There was
there was a a
Greek inventor that uh made a a circle a
a sphere and had one little spot
sticking out one side, one little spet
sticking out the other. If you put water
in it and heat it, it becomes
uh a spinning
um
uh spinning wheel from
uh the steam. It it's essentially a
steam engine.
>> And everybody thought, "Hey, that's a
cute joke." Mhm. Now then, if he had
have just taken a chain
and hooked that up
to a chariot.
>> Mhm. As the steam toy goes around,
it turns the chain.
All of a sudden, we've got the
industrial revolution. Then
>> 1800 years earlier
>> 1,800 years earlier you could have
radical breaks and junctures in real
it's almost like technology is like
timeline hopping or something like if
you create something you know I think
about this with um
>> the steampunk revolution you know where
you know it's like uh William Gibson
sci-fi novels is like this alternative
you know second industrial revolution
where we weren't using gas engines and
we were just using you know steam or
whatever and like there are different I
don't know like the semi semiconductor
that's somewhat arbitrary. What if we
had like some sort of biological
computation or something? We're
programming little like rat neurons and
like that's how we were that that's a
whole computational tech tree, you know,
outside of silicon. And so it is it's so
interesting how uh we just get routed in
these different and sometimes it's a
culde-sac like string theory where it's
like I don't think that's going
anywhere, you know? We got to figure out
something new. It's fascinating.
Well, as I said, we're never as smart as
we think we are. And every time we have
a major breakthrough when we look on the
other side, we say, "Well, now that we
did this, we're going to need a couple
more major breakthroughs up there
because of uh what we see ahead."
So um
e evenstein when when he came up with
his miracle year in 1905 he was feeling
really good in 1906 but he wasn't
feeling so good in uh 1917 when he
couldn't prove his general relativity
theory and of all people it would take
an enemy of Germany um uh Eddington uh
to um do the the work on capturing the
deviation of a star around the sun
during an eclipse to prove that Albert
Einstein was correct.
>> Totally. And even then it wasn't fully
accepted. And he also was a a
foundational player in quantum
mechanics. He really helped establish
it. People don't really give him credit
for that part of his work, but he had
all sorts of issues with quantum
mechanics as this kind of ontological
framework. And he would debates with
Neil's Boore in the Copenhagen school
about what you know this meant and what
what entanglement meant and how it was
even possible you know even though he
was kind of responsible for a lot of
early entanglement work EPR you know
that's Einstein uh Podilski and Rosen so
um
>> well what did he get his Nobel Prize in
>> photoelectric effect yeah a photon of
light
>> he he he received his Nobel Prize for a
quantum theory.
>> Yes.
>> And his general relativity uh never got
a Nobel Prize
>> and the photoelectric effect even when
he discovered it in 1905 hadn't been
experimentally proven. it was just a
theory. Um and then it was later
experimentally proven but um yeah
obviously the photoelectric effect has
had a you know in some ways I don't know
I'd be curious if somebody were to like
you know do a do research on this but
whether
>> general relativity or special relativity
has had a greater impact on our reality
cuz the photoelectric effect you
wouldn't have like a TV right like it's
like literally just light and its
interaction with like metal surfaces and
that's pretty key to like everything
even a lot of the stuff in quantum
mechanics and then general relativity
you know, that feels to me, again, I'm a
I'm a physics idiot, but like feels a
little more important for like
cosmology. And then like I think we're
kind of off on a lot of cosmological
stuff. So, and it's kind of put a
governor on
>> propulsion, you know, where it's like,
you know, uh uh the speed of light is
just the speed limit. It's the global
speed limit. So,
>> I wonder if um maybe maybe actually the
Nobel Prize committee back then, you
know, knew what it was doing or
something. Well, um, Bose, the
mathematician from India,
>> uh, he was writing really great, um,
um, lectures
>> and he sent one to Albert Einstein said,
"Nobody's listening to me." And he said,
"Well, I'll put my name on it and then
they'll listen."
>> And, and so, uh, you know, Bosons are
named after Bose.
Uh so
uh you know it it's just crazy that this
guy that nobody believed from India that
no one would pay attention to as soon as
Albert Einstein puts his name on it. Oh,
you're brilliant.
>> Yeah.
>> Right up until Albert Einstein said,
"You're brilliant. You were stupid."
Right. Yeah. We're we're very uh
mimedic. we we we like what other people
like and if they're of high stature then
all of a sudden that's this like really
important stamp of approval and so um
yeah well where do you think disclosure
is headed? Do you think we'll get some
exciting you know uh revelation near
term? Do you think it'll stay in this
sort of liinal space of some people
believing others not or what do you
think?
>> I think this simple biggest problem is
bureaucratic inertia. M
>> it it takes somebody who is really
strong in their beliefs
>> to step out from the group of people who
are all agreeing how smart they are and
and say, "Listen, y'all are smart, but
you're you're not smart about this one
thing." And so you have to have the
other people agree that yes, what you're
talking about is true before the the
[clears throat]
um entire group will finally begin to
act as though it's true. I I believe
that we are to a point that
realistically we don't need to prove
that UAP are real. M
>> we have plenty of evidence that UAP are
real.
>> But as long as we're still fighting the
battle, UAP are real, we're missing the
bigger battle, which is what are we
going to do with it?
>> And so we need to stop fighting over
whether it's real because it is real.
>> Uh so now we need to figure out what on
earth are we going to do with it. You
know, that guy came up.
>> What do you think we should do with it?
I I I think we need to um release
a a large part of the information. Being
from the military, I know that uh if I
have an advantage,
uh o you know, if if I'm flying an F-16
and I have an advantage over another
jet, uh I'm I'm not going to tell you
what my advantage is. Um, however, there
are so many elements of what UAPs mean
to humans, to technology, that
I think it is irresponsible
to continue to say there's nothing to
see here. No, no, we can already see it.
Um, when you stand up and say that, you
just look stupid.
>> Yeah. Uh and then if we accept that we
look stupid.
>> Yeah.
>> We need to be moving beyond stupidity
and we need to be making progress. The
only way we're going to make progress is
to get meaningful disclosure.
>> Yeah.
>> But the people who own the processes
are the ones who will determine whether
or not the disclosure occurs. Do you
think, you know, Bob Lazar, who's
reportedly an EG&G employee, not too
many years before your sighting, you
know, four years, do you think that your
story adds corroboration to his stated
work at Area 51, reverse engineering a
UFO?
>> I I would say it does. Now then um he
his story is very complex. So I uh don't
know which elements I would say this
really adds to it and this one doesn't
add much to it. The only way I I could
really judge that was if I ever uh met
him and we had a long discussion just
the two of us with nobody listening.
>> Yep. Um but uh to a certain extent um
one of one of the things I mentioned was
the
uh if you
uh take away the um
the oddness to the the corners and the
the sections of his craft and smooth it
out as I've described with this egg. It
would be very much like his sports
model.
Uh, now I don't know if they're at all
related, but boy, it it would be a lot
like it.
>> Yeah, it sounds very similar. It sounds
just like a smoother pearly white
version, right,
>> of it where you don't have this kind of
cockpit, but you it just kind of
smooths.
>> Yeah.
>> Fascinating. Well, if if you
uh look at the early uh aircraft that
that was used in combat aviation
>> and then you look at the smooth surfaces
of the F-22 and the F-35,
uh you you don't see big fat wings. You
you don't see uh vertical stabilizers.
You don't see great big engines with
propellers on them. Um they're they're
both flight vehicles and at the time
they they were both viable, but
uh the modern version is smooth so that
you're not going to reflect radar waves.
>> Well, when they first uh made the um
fighting aircraft in World War I, there
were no radars. They didn't worry about
a radar cross-section.
>> Uh they they had no idea about that. And
even in World War II, um, we we were
able to make some progression, but it
was easier to just drop a bunch of
aluminum pieces and call it window be
because it reflects so much of the radar
waves and and then we can sneak our
airplane in. Stealth was dropping pieces
of aluminum from your airplane. Uh, that
was as good as it got at that point. So
we continue to make steady progress. Um
uh the only way to really make progress
is to give the best
uh construction capabilities to the
smartest people.
I love it. Well, on that note, I guess
you brought you brought these really
interesting patches. Do you have do you
have like maybe one or two favorites
that we can just show the audience? I I
think these are really cool.
Uh, the Joint Stars, Desert Storm is one
of my favorites. [snorts] It's
>> this one.
>> No, that's the one that we used before
Desert Storm. And then
>> this one.
>> This one. Yeah. So, um,
>> that's pretty awesome. Do you want to
show that to the the camera?
>> In fact, if we hold the two of them
together, you'll be be able to see the
difference. So, this one shows Saudi
Arabia and the sand in the color and it
it says desert storm.
>> The original one, if you can hand me
that one,
>> this one.
>> Yeah, this this is the one that that I
wore uh during the whole time we were
developing it. And so, it showed our
aircraft. It sort of gives clues as to
what it was, but it it uh really doesn't
tell you what Joint Stars was about.
This one shows, hey, we did this in
Desert Storm. And uh after Joint Stars
was demonstrated in Desert Storm, we
decided we will never go into combat
without the synthetic aperture radar
that was developed by uh Joystars.
>> Very cool. And um and then the finally I
wanted to show the audience you have
playing cards here which uh yes
>> if you're involved in a in a hostage
situation where maybe you're the hostage
keeper right of [laughter]
>> that that was that was what we used in
back in the cold war
>> the cold war
>> and so these were actual playing cards
that you can play cards with.
>> Yeah. But um the purpose was that uh
we had English and Russian. So if if we
wanted to show what a word is in
English, they would read it in Russian
and it was a means for us to
communicate.
>> So here you have you have medicine and
then you have the Russian word for
medicine.
>> Yeah.
>> I'll let you pronounce the Russian one.
you I I can't read that. Then you have
you have jeep. Um and then you have the
Russian word for jeep. So it's like if
you're trying to communicate with them,
you can do that through uh build rapport
>> through with your hostage [laughter]
through these playing cards. Uh some
some cold war memorabilia. It's pretty
pretty amazing. Well, um Mr. Rogers
Greg, uh it's been an absolute honor,
man. this is really fun and uh I I
really admire your courage and I
appreciate you speaking out not only
about your experience but about you know
the other things you've faced um as a as
a flight surgeon and uh as a director of
aerospace medicine uh who is essential
to all sorts of operations as evidenced
by your various patches but um but also
uh to your you know your your core
testimony which you know is uh just
fascinating and um I think should be
added to the the public repository, the
public cannon of official sightings. Um,
and many people see, you know, Close
Encounters of the, you know, first,
second, and third kind out in the
wilderness or in the air, you know,
whatever. But your yours is in like, you
know, an official, you know, capacity.
And so I think that's kind of, you know,
those are in a league of their own. And
that's that's really interesting. So,
appreciate you. One of the most
interesting things was that I I recently
found out that the Jesse Marcel Library
in Montana
>> has put up an article about me in their
library.
>> Wow.
>> So, um I'm going to speak to him uh
later this month on the 19th and we'll
do a Zoom call. But I never expected my
name and Jesse Marcel's to be
associated. Well, it makes sense because
Jesse Marcel senior was an Army
intelligence officer, but Junior was an
Air Force flight surgeon. So, there you
go. You're uh you're part of the
lineage.
>> Yep.
>> And it's pretty amazing. And and and I
think, you know, for for years to come,
people will uh remember this testimony.
It's a very important one. And I want to
give a huge shout out, by the way, to uh
Chris Leto.
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> So, thank thanks so much, uh Greg. This
is an absolute honor. Really appreciate
you, man.
>> Okay. Well, I appreciate being here.
>> All right, cool.